Even if you don’t like the so called “screwball comedy”, that some critic also called “sex comedy without sex”, whose Trouble in Paradise gives a perfect example, you could enjoy two things from this movie: the typical Art Deco interior design (in Mme Colet house) and the beautiful gowns designed by Travis Banton (one of the most famous 1930 costume Designer) that show at its best this period style.
After the war memorial, and Northwood Station, we turned right just after St Helen's School towards Northwood Hills. My two South London colleagues were pleased that there actually was a hill. We were surprised at the number of closed-down shops in this apparently affluent area, but the William Jolle pub still seemed to be thriving. (Because it is a Wetherspoons establishment, I can tell you that he was a local 14th century resident) The former pub opposite had, however, metamorphosed into the Namaste Lounge.
My legs tight until
Dude, I just like it.
But Travis beat me by finishing the beam early... and then we moved upstairs the very next day!
The man at the Auto-Body-Repair Shop said he'd lend me a courtesy car, and so he did. It was quite a nice car in some ways, apart from the rattles, the rust and the black smoke, but it was very small and had a ridiculously low bucket seat, the type that has a 6 inch ledge all round your thighs. With great difficulty I managed to manouevre myself into this ground-level driving seat, with my legs sticking horizontally forward into the well. I drove off, noticing as I did so that the car wouldn't go into second gear, and shortly afterwards, that the petrol gauge registered zero.
Won’t force it because to break this beautiful cycle would be suicide.
I got a bit carried away and assumed that a couple of good performances in the Carling Cup augured a fine career. I mean, if that was how well they could play on their debuts then they could only improve from there, right?
But I had no interest in reading myself for several years.
The less you can explain the questions of your purpose and existence the more you come up with a ridiculous analysis for life and your left with no reason for existing or for life at all. The cycle continues. The more hateful against anything good and morally right you get. The more you hate those stupid Christians that claim God exists and that say there is a reason and purpose for your life .
Darren Richmond! Well, HE certainly pulled himself together in a hurry, didn’t he? He even made a joke when Jamie was tying up his shoes, and again later to Gwen. I was happy to see Gwen back, actually. It’ll be interesting to see if she and Richmond and Jamie can all just work together, but so far it looks to be going okay. Richmond handled himself perfectly in the interview with the nosey lady, and it looks like Gwen at least feels she can help him win. Actually, I think maybe all three of them think she could be the one to put them over the top – if anyone can.
- Cross-curricular strategies
FEMALE CALLER (31:50): He (Michael Jackson) is truly the soundtrack of my life. I also have a theory about Sarah Palin as well and I’m going to put it out there on radio, hopefully someone can investigate.
I've been away from the blog for so long, let's see if I remember how this goes......
I really need to start planning more seriously before buying. And then follow through on those plans. Before Christmas I had a vague, half formed idea in my head that it would be really good to make dried apricots in brandy as a gift for my lovely mother. Sadly, time ran away with me and they never did get made. I did accomplish the first step of the plan to make them though... I bought the dried apricots. Really quite a lot of apricots as it happens, because the Kilner jar I was planning on using can take quite a lot of fruit and I thought having a few spare wouldn't be a problem.
You should have seen our faces when the plate arrived = literally three tiny pieces of snapper on a plate showed up. This was $16! The fish was fresh and the sauce was tasty but I would say pass on this unless you have dollars coming out of your a*s.
Put the ground beef, bread crumbs, Parmesan cheese, oregano, garlic powder, salt & pepper in a large bowl.
Now doesn't this book has a great cover? League of Strays has been featured here on it's recent cover reveal. My thoughts about the cover here. I've been eying on this book for quite sometime now. With the recent cover reveal I can say that this book has intrigued me and I cannot pass the chance to feature it again here on Waiting on Wednesday. If you are one of the few who are waiting for this book, you have to wait 6 more months before this book hit the shelves! League of Strays comes out October 1st. Meanwhile lets just feast on the beautiful cover...
Two family members recently asked me if I was still alive. They follow this blog to stay updated on my life and apparently the fact that I haven't updated this in a month leads to concern in the family about my well being. So this is just a quick update to say that yes, I'm still alive. Yes, everything is fine. No, I haven't died or fallen off the face of the earth. I've just been really busy.
I’m about to turn 26… It’s 2012… I haven’t posted here that often (like I said I would) so with so many reasons to post… I’ve been thinking…
Apart from redistribution, which enables blacks to secure loans to buy or lease land from the government, the land reform programme also includes restitution (state sanctioned theft), by which black communities recover ancestral land.
I try not to describe comedy shows in too much detail but…
My favorite of this set is the full body pose. Although it is a static pose, there is a feeling of fluidity and movement here. I just feel she knocked this pose outta the park and I'm pleased with my light and camera angle as well.
Or I see a picture from high school. I remember walking down those paths lined with roses or crossing that lawn, going into that orchestra room, sitting on the steps of that gym. And you were there. You were always there. You are as much a part of that scene as the buildings in the background, I can’t think of that place without thinking of you, and how we were always together, as often as we possibly could be, because that was how much we loved each other.
Mix together 3 1/2 cups flour, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 1/2 teaspoons cream of tartar and a dash of freshly ground nutmeg. Make a well in the center and add 1 cup shortening, 1 egg, 1 cup sugar, 1/2 cup milk and 1/2 teaspoon vanilla. Mix well.
Whew. I went to bed at 7 last night and I'm feeling much better. I basically relied on fake enthusiasm to get through the day, and it worked. No major meltdowns (which have been almost daily for one of mine lately) and my lowest kid finally made it past 50 words a minute! (Yes, the goal for the end of the year is 90, but he was stuck in the high 20's/ early 30's for so long that this is a HUGE victory!)
And the sugar kit is a very eclectic mix of papers from the new Amy Tangerine line from American Crafts, which I loved when I first saw it. I love how the papers all go together but aren't matchy matchy and there are some fun brights but lots of neutrals. One of the papers has real stitching on it too.
It's anything but simple, and I'd be lucky for them to call me their friend.
Frida never reclaimed the old her but by the next scene it didn’t matter. She was always Frida. The woman she became was the woman she was always becoming. The peace and love for myself I’m searching for in tears is that, like her, who I am becoming is me.
their residences for the duration of the NATO/G8 Summit scheduled
I had an awesome time in Korea this year, and spending time in gorgeous Jeju made this year’s trip even more special. I’d definitely recommend visiting Seoul and Jeju to anyone who’s even remotely interested. The culture, food, shopping and sights are simply amazing!
A person in a higher state of consciousness is expected to know everything. But while the mind and the consciousness possess the ability to know everything, do they really need to know everything? “All knowing” simply means being conscious of the essence of all you know. In this state, both knowledge and ignorance co-exist and complement each other. For instance, while playing a game, it is not knowing the result beforehand that makes the game sincere and fun. If one knew the result even while playing, the players (and the game) would lose their intensity.
I was probably nine or ten when I got the idea that beards developed gradually out of uncut sideburns and consequently refused to let my sideburns be trimmed for several consecutive haircuts. The barber teased me about Elvis. Other people wondered if I was trying to look like Spock. In different clothing and with a little curl, I would have looked more like a young Hasid. At some point, I figured out that no new hairs were about to start growing under my sideburns and stopped.
Maybe she was right, I thought to myself…. and what did I have to lose?
I know that's actually Peg on Vancouver Island but I was short on space. Anyway, congratulations! Email me your address Peg and chose your mug from that original picture. Remember Pablo got the most red one.
*HSN Arcade hosts 25 games, including the exclusive Today’s Special Jigsaw Puzzle, Lights! Camera! Subtraction! (featuring HSN’s celebrities), Crossword Puzzles, Word Search, Mahjongg, Dimensions, Sudoku, Treasure Hunt, BlackJack and more.
So that's it for my gratitude journal. In a small way it has helped me clarify what is wonderful about my life and in turn what I need to appreciate more. Hope your life is full of good things too,
so I will be keeping this blog open and if I haven't got around to contacting you all individually (sigh...soon) please leave me a reminder here....ok.
Everything is cyclical; the '70s never really ended. This album is deeply indebted to that decade, but less in the "Let's re-record the best '70s rock songs" way so many bands have tried and more in the "Let's embrace the sensibilities of the decade" way: it's hard to point to any one specific influence. To this laid-back but still rocking aesthetic Super Furry Animals (and are they animals that are super furry, or furry animals that are super?) have tied obscure and frequently surreal lyrical stylings: "Psyclone!" seems to be about invading dinosaurs from outer space. Whether that's brilliant or inane is hard to tell, but I know my vote is for fucking brilliant. Gruff Rhys's lovely vocals are joined by three of the other members to form lush multi-part harmonies, and the band is joined by the Catalan choir, and together provide the core of this truly incredible album.
The Gallery;
Keeping you from breakfast?
To be humbled in Iceland
Now, I thought that maybe it was the dressing. Or the croutons. Or the bacon bits.
"My Heart Leap Up."
Believe it or not, but my dogs don't usually wear neckties, so I knew immediately that something was up. And being the sap I am, I immediate started tearing up.
We should all write to Bloggers, or drop the device, or device something else.
We had a wonderful response to our glitter and embossing challenge last week! Thank you to all who played!!
Greenwich waterfront is doing just fine, with the only waterfront land lingering being the ridiculously over-priced. Here’s Russ Pruner, saying just that.
And it was so.
happy happy weekend!
Why not just send one, to let our defence forces know that we care about them.
Notes: I've made this in the past using frozen broccoli and it was not a good result. Neither was it a good outcome when I doubled the batch. So I follow the exact measurements and it turns out great.
Early on, the rain threatened to wash us to oblivion. But then it abated and we were able to get a full day’s work in. So it was very much like life: two steps forward, and one step back. But not necessarily in that order. What a day…
A chicken drumstick!
Here we take a look at some of the activities you can get involved with to help keep you fit and healthy. Remember activities can be therapeutic and fun for people of all ages and abilities.
Los Angeles (Dec. 12, 2011) – Sterling Archer, the world’s most dangerous spy, and his snarky ISIS cohorts are back for another outrageously raunchy season when ARCHER The Complete Second Season comes to Blu-ray and DVD on December 27th from Twentieth Century Fox Home Entertainment.
When I was researching, I discovered a couple of points from the archives that might to make you smile:
Here I'm... excited to sample the Davidoff Puro D'Oro. The cigar is a new blend whose major characteristic is that all the tobacco is sourced from Dominican Republic, hence the reference to being pure in the name.
When one faces death he begins to realise what is truly important and necessary. Earthly possessions really aren’t that important for, as they say, “you can’t take it with you.” There were certain things on that boat they could do without. They were now seeing that those physical things were becoming a hindrance rather than a necessity. That, no doubt, is true with many who are now hearing this message.
The boat trip to the market place was decent, though the birds where a bit out of control. With our loot bags in tow, we spent the better part of the day haggling prices with merchants. Overall, Bransen does make a good haggler, even with his simple ways. While in the market, Jarvyk brought up the topic of help Ashton look for his missing father, another necromancer. I didn’t know they ran in packs, I always thought of them as loner types… well, minus the undead of course. Can’t count them for company these days, so little intelligence in today’s undead. What is the world coming to? Anyways, I offered to help ‘cause where there are mages, there is money, ‘cause spells just don’t create themselves, you know. Unless your Bransen. Sodding cleric in denial.
No, you are not a politician.
We need help...
Rifle barrels protruded menacingly from one of these vehicles as motorists scrambled to get out of the way.
I think I've developed a pattern. I eat....wait four months....then post the recipe. Nothing else. I stink as a blogger lately. ;-) My sincerest apologies. In my absence please enjoy the forty billion other blogs who actually make an effort. Life has changed around here in the last year....I would never have guessed 365 days ago that I would own a business...and a business that is CRA-ZEEEEE busy. Feel free to check that out if you like....it's fun.
Man fears man as the chief captain feared the human might of Rome. But it is God that wields the wrath of eternal judgment. We see something of this in Hebrews 9:27.
Harry was hailed as a hero by the American public, rather than a homicidal maniac. People admired the husband who stood up for his wife. They cheered him on during his trial, which was splashed all over the newspapers. It was all everyone could talk about.
I actually do have the boyfriend with a talent for photography that is every fashion blogger's dream but as he’s a very busy man I almost always do my own outfit shots. I just can’t bring myself (or have time) to prance around London with a tripod, camera and remote to take forty photos of myself posing like a model as I find it cringingly embarrassing. I'd rather take photos in the privacy of my own home but don’t have a spot I'm happy with to get the images I want. I dislike images produced with flash photography which limits when I can take photos as there is often not enough natural light in cloudy old London even when I go outside.
getting new followers on my blog
But it is only logical to assume that a payment was in fact made. There would have been no incentive for Ansar Dine to release the woman otherwise. Moreover, Islamic law permits the collection of ransoms after abducting non-Muslims—a precept with which Ansar Dine is certainly familiar. Ansar Dine probably has a little more spending money today than it had prior to the Stockly affair.
When all at once I saw a crowd,
Mazwayi’s opinion was echoed by a score of residents interviewed in parts of Khayelitsha where vigilante action is common.
Lawyers representing Hines, of Upper Gornal, yesterday unsuccessfully attempted to persuade three appeal judges that the sentence was too long.
Sports chatter is a very common subject for small talk and is a plague upon my existence. There is no good way to handle the situation, but invariably it happens to me almost every day. Not many situations are more awkward and disconcerting for me
We’re here on this big blue ball for eighty years or so, I figure we may as well take that mind, that potential and those ideas of ours out for a spin and see what we can do.
I will try to keep this updated but seeing as how Taylor does not blog and I will be out of commission I can't promise updates tomorrow. I'm going to try Facebook updating tomorrow though. So stay tuned! Thanks in advance for the prayers!
Or disrupt their lives.
does no bacon mean no delicious dinner....
I wouldn't want a novel I was buying telling me how much pathos (between 1 and 5) I should expect for it, or how the book had the 'whiff' of a nice Dan Brown.
Then he left. Immediately my siblings started talking about chemotherapy. I couldn't hear them, I turned to put my arms around my husband and saw the tears in his eyes. I saw my dad looking quietly at the floor.
“She had a symbol for protection and for love woven together. Funny, the protection
In the opening chapter of Genesis we hear the story of Creation. God speaks the worlds into existence. With each day of Creation, we hear God’s judgment, “It is good.” The goodness of the created order is a fundamental tenet of the Christian faith. What God has brought into existence is good: He is not the author of evil. Existence is declared to be good. Thus God sustains all things in their existence, for He does not remove us from the goodness He has given. We may wonder why God allows somethings to continue in existence, but He does so because He Himself is good and does not begrudge us the gift of goodness.
to the place where I will abandon fear
I figured out halfway through the pattern sewing that this fabric has stretch. Nope, I never noticed before. I left the zipper off since I could squeeze it over my head. That won't work with a non-stretch fabric though. I *might* have had to restitch a bit of the waist seam after popping some stitches when trying it on.
Pushing for the legalization of recreational marijuana is a waste of time.
It was one of those wonderfully superior moments, when you know that despite having started off completely in the wrong, by a trick of fate, all of a sudden you are completely in the right. In those rare moments in life you do of course rise to the occasion and take on a serene and calm approach to the problem.
Thanks for joining us for our I Love Sketches by Tsunami Rose DT Blog Hop! If you don't know yet, as part of the ILS DT we create a card each day following Tsunami Rose's sketches that she posts on her blog each and every day.
Seriously, I’ve been having this blog for maybe two months, so I’m kinda still new to here, but still kinda not getting if this thing even have any algorithm or logic to it. You write for an hour getting deep into your thoughts and emotions, getting serious and concentrated, trying to really create something useful and interesting, something responsive that will be true to yourself and important for others, you feel like open up, talking deep out of your soul. You wrote it, you feel really good about it, oh no, even more, you’re proud of it! And so you post it. Aaaaaand….. nothing happens! It gets 10 views for the whole day, a couple of likes and a big ‘meh’ from deep out of your soul. You almost hear those quirky sarcastic laughs inside of your head.
future — it appears to me that everyone who may be expected to benefit from the course of action petitioners seek to require public respondents to take, is vested with the necessary locus standi. The Court may be seen therefore to be recognizing a beneficiaries’ right of action in the field of environmental protection, as against both the public administrative agency directly concerned and the private persons or entities operating in the field or sector of activity involved. Whether such beneficiaries’ right of action may be found under any and all circumstances, or whether some failure to act, in the first instance, on the part of the governmental agency concerned must be shown (“prior exhaustion of administrative remedies”), is not discussed in the decision and presumably is left for future determination in an appropriate case.
Horse Fly
Do not run. Try to back away from the cougar slowly. Sudden movement or flight may trigger an instinctive attack.
My mom’s phone was ringing (and it was such a horrible ringtone) and she was displeased. “This is not the ringtone I set!” she said and she was so distraught that she missed the call. I checked the settings for her and set it to her desired ringtone. She then responded “I will never touch any other buttons on my phone again, other than this one (the call answer button)”.
I have to start over.
You give us reason to celebrate, to join our neighbors on the street again, sharing a glass of wine at dusk as our children race their bikes around the block and swing on the swings, daring each other to ride faster and push them higher.
Me: Gerrardo, if a cougar pounces on you, you have to make a loud noise, clap your hands together...
Recently I asked Radford what she was reading. Her reply:I’m almost embarrassed to admit it, but I’m currently rereading Mansfield Park for, oh, about the 87th time. I have a bit of a Jane Austen obsession. Not only is she a beautiful, timeless writer, but there is also something so soothing about her novels – that elegant sweep towards a well- ordered ending - that I reach for them a little as if they were comfort food. I always notice something new on each rereading. This time it was the brilliantly waspish way she managed to pin down a character (Mr Rushworth) in half a sentence: “He was a heavy young man, with not more than common sense...”) – a salutary lesson on the power of brevity. I did find, as usual, that I was cheering on the villains of the piece (the witty, lively, amoral Mr Crawford and his sister) while despairing at her supine goody goody of a heroine, Fanny Price. In this novel, it almost feels as though Austen is arguing against herself, painting liveliness as a dangerous quality and championing a docile, downtrodden girl who could not be further from her usual strong-minded protagonists. Elizabeth Bennett seems like a much more instinctively written, and likeable, heroine (yes, I must have read Pride and Prejudice 192 times). I’m still enjoying Mansfield Park, though – there is something so irresistible about the “triumph of the underdog” narrative running through it that I’m sure this will be far from my last rereading.
The habit of reading trends towards a habit of action. The hope is to have more actions of the variety I desire.
Not much to report in that area, obviously I'm focusing on the leg work as I can't lift any weight with my left hand. So I mainly work on my core muscles and legs.
Our favorite coastal walks in Provence are along the soaring cliffs of the Calanques between Marseilles and the the bustling, small fishing port of Cassis to the east. We are delighted to hear that in 2012 this area of awesome sea views, rugged wilderness, and deep, fjord-like turquoise inlets that lead to golden beaches accessible only to walkers, is to become France's newest National Park. Come along with us for a stroll from Cassis for a preview........
Today is our 1 year Blogoversary and even though I decided to hold a special event in January, I couldn't go without saying something today.. One year ago I was talking to close friend and she said since I loved books so much I should start a blog. I thought why not. Even though I didn't think I would get much response I figured how fun it might be anyway.
Anyway, it will be good to see my "old" friends again, (I'm sorry), as I haven't seen some of them for nearly a year! And we only live 4 miles away from each other. Ridiculous, I know, but time just seems to disappear when you get old.
It's pronounced Hay-in Broo before you ask (or something close to that anyway) and if you ever get asked, in a pub quiz or during a lull in conversation with a particular kind of bibliophile, 'What author's novel was chosen by the Faroese as their Book of the 20th Century?' you'll be able to answer with confidence (and for a bonus point you can say it was actually the pen name of Hans Jacob Jacobson. And if you really want to be a smart arse you can add that he translated into Faroese works as diverse as Hamlet, The Tempest, Hedda Gabler, The Brothers Karamazov, Wuthering Heights, and the tales of the Brothers Grimm). Publishers Telegram are the marvellous folks that brought Sjon into English translation (whose two books I would recommend to anyone looking for a literary shot of something a little different) and so I couldn't resist when they sent me this novel originally published in Faroese in 1940 and finally translated into English thirty years later. It is this same translation by John F. West which we can read today, a further forty years later, and it stands up remarkably well. It may be describing a way of life that was slowly being eclipsed 70 years ago but the wit and verve of Brú's observations come through loud and clear and in our current economic climate, a perilous one brought about through a reliance on debt (both personal and state-owned), this novel actually couldn't be more relevant. You may not think that a novel about the fishing community on a small island halfway between Scotland and Iceland in the inter-war years had anything to say to you beyond its only local interests but you'd be wrong.
JSB—You said a lot about the idea that there may be like regionally different hominids, different types.
Winfrey
- My wife says: What if someone comes into the bathroom?
Missing an action plan leads to a treadmill (working hard with no results).
Want to win a 4 pack of tickets to the Feb. 2, 7:00 show at the Allstate Arena? Leave me a comment here with your favorite Disney character and I'll choose a random winner on Wednesday, January 27. Before leaving a comment, check your calendar and make sure you'll be in Chicagoland and can make the show on Tuesday, February 2 at 7:00. Good luck!
But I knew that I was supporting the very best cause imaginable. But it was more than that. I informed this family (who I do not know at all) that I was buying. They responded, "Oh thank you! No one has purchased a thing from us - thank you so much!"
I watched “The Beaver” tonight and that’s the theme. My title might have reminded you of the graduation speech at the end, if you’ve seen it: “What if some of human experience is just something that you inherit like curly hair or blue eyes? What if pain is just in your DNA and tragedy is your birthright?” I’ve grown up with these questions in and around me.
No barriers. I can’t tell you how often I see tables loaded with freebees and literature placed between sales and marketing staff and their prospects. Get the table out of the way, and engage your guests face-to-face.
Often there is a saxophonist standing outside the station playing for contributions. He is a talented musician. He plays very difficult scales and very complicated jazz runs.
Anyhow, I wont keep rambling on... I will endeavour to get those pics up of the kids over the Easter break and also hopefully tell you some good news regards the job interview.
If you line up on the other side of my views generally, you may want to let this one go. I welcome all comments, of course, but can guarantee there is nothing anyone can say that will shift my views on this subject. At all.
The composite survey rose by one tenth of a point to 93.9, which left it just below the high point reached in last winter’s economic pick-up. The economic expectations index continued its recovery from last summer’s low point by five points, but the other measures that go into the headline index were mixed. Needless to say, tight credit conditions have been the biggest obstacle to small business growth.
He was pretty excited about this *new* product and couldn't stop extolling the virtues of this wonderful new stuff. He claimed that it was shatter resistant and if Dad wanted to, he could just drop a cereal bowl on the ground to prove it. So Dad decided to. He took one of the white bowls with little brown flowers on them and let it fall to the cement floor.
I am in deep need everyday in all sorts of ways. What if I could not go to God with all of those needs, including any struggle against sin, or failure? Because that is not spiritual, but soulish. That may be good Platonism, but it is not (good) Christianity. The Spirit will help us to pray according to God’s will. And will give us the heart and mind to do so. But we come to God in all our weaknesses, just as we are. We talk to our Father about our struggles and griefs, fears and concerns. All a part of our soul (= life), and all which indeed matter to God.
If you love wildlife, I highly suggest you take a trip out to see Circle B Bar Reserve. Take the kids and their bicycles; pack a picnic lunch or just grab and camera (and lots of batteries). You will not be disappointed!
-Bashful
Touch My Katamari
In a real pinch you could even drop the beef part of it and serve some corn or corn bread with the beans and rice instead since corn and beans together make a complete protien! :) I have done this several times for my family with no complaints, though the beef does make it much tastier.
This blog accepts forms of cash advertising, sponsorship, paid insertions or other forms of compensation.
Those of you who are still paying attention will realize that the past tense has been used throughout this blog. And, so we come to the irony, at last! Six weeks before George Osborn, the UK’s Chancellor of the Exchequer, mentioned TIF in his 2012 Budget Statement, the model was abolished in the State of California! Two thousand and eleven was a year of claims and counter claims over the value-added of redevelopment agencies, debates that were often played out in both the law courts and in the media. It got ugly – ‘toxic’ according to some – and ended up in the California Supreme Court on 29 December. This ruled that AB27 – which would have meant the redevelopment agencies handing over large amounts of their reserves to the State – was illegal. The Court basically reinforced Proposition 22. So far so good for redevelopment agencies, and the California Redevelopment Association that represented them. However, the Supreme Court upheld AB26 – which meant that as the State had created redevelopment agencies and TIF, through the 1945 Act and its 1952 addition, it could also end them. Redevelopment agencies would be dissolved. Panic in the California redevelopment community set in. Attempts were made to build bridges with the Governor’s office and the State legislator, but to no avail. TIF, and the 400 plus redevelopment agencies that used the model to fund a range of projects around the State, ceased to exist on 1 February 2012. The result remains an absolute mess. One sort of bureaucracy is being replaced with another. Successor agencies around California are trying to manage the winding down of a highly complex and locally specific ‘model’. Meanwhile, at the State level, Jerry Brown is pulling in staff from different department to oversee the processes through which it gets to give the okay to some TIF projects to continue and to end others. Watch out for wave after wave of court cases, as all involved seek to establish landmark rulings.
So, I know I don’t want a conservative or an even-more-conservative to win. So I am left with the left. Alberta Party is out of the question. I know too little about them, and they have virtually no chance of making any impact, even in a minority government situation. I am left with the NDP or the Liberals. So, who should I vote for?
I don’t mean their high price shoes click clanking across the floor. I mean their loud, harsh, abrasive mouth. Talking, shouting,Gossiping, demanding etc.
Muckaty Station, another remote Aboriginal community, risks being the site for Australia’s nuclear waste dump despite opposition from most of the traditional owners in the community. Again with rare bi-partisan support the Federal Parliament recently passed the National Radioactive Waste Management Bill 2010. The decision is being challenged in the Federal Court. Jagath Dheerasekara’s photographic series Manuwangku: Under the Nuclear Cloud has been part of FotoFreo in West Australia and will be seen in Sydney as part of the Head On Photo Festival from 1 May.
Here's who the Antichrist isn't. He isn't Barack Obama, or the pope, or the UN with its black helicopters coming to steal your guns and fluoridate your water, so your kids'll grow up to get gay married and practice New Age pagan rituals with Oprah, or any other crazy crap you're thinking up with your little militia group meeting in basements and trading gas masks you bought off eBay. No one's going to put a microchip in your ass that makes you worship the devil, okay? I had a whole bunch of absolutely batshit hallucinations living in that cave, but black helicopters and butt microchips weren't in any of them.
The greyhound didn't turn to look at Moon; it just stood there on the sand puffing on its cigarette and then looked up at the sky. It then blew out a perfect circle of smoke, took in a deep breath and then tossed the spent cigarette butt into the sand.
I may without fail
52. Allen Clapp & The Orchestra-Mixed Greens (Mystery Lawn)
5. Spend Time to Soak in the Wonder: David Rolloff, a professor or recreation, parks, and tourism said, “Yosemite is a very emotional place. It’s a high church of nature, in a lot of ways, and I think some people are so enthralled they don’t absorb what’s around them.” So make sure to really look around you. Take photographs and take a moment to breath the fresh air and listen to the sounds nature has to offer.
“I know that! It’s just a stalling tactic.”
I laughed at the time but realised that he was telling me to take everyone on face value and to let them prove me wrong.
I didn’t see many bikes locked up the big tented venues downtown. Wonder if any venues even offered bike valet. I occasionally had to hunt around for a pole to lock up my bike.
-Jackass clientele is a big hurdle to overcome anytime you’re drinking in JoCo; in fact, it’s generally the biggest hurdle. You’re very likely to be surrounded by preening fauxhawks, loud assholes in frathats (chewing on cigars if they’re outside), or 'woo girls' whose every inane statement is inflected like a question. It can be rough.
This changes have not rolled out to everyone, but Google says. you can switch it with link in the bottom right corner of your Gmail inbox over the next few days.
Read and observe the guidelines. I know this should be quite an obvious one but not going over word limits and formatting your story as you’ve been asked are really important. Those guidelines are there for a reason and if you don’t take them seriously then why would a judge or editor take your story seriously? (Hint: they probably won’t!)
Band of Brothers DVD set (2001, various directors; created by Spielberg, Tom Hanks and Erik Jendresen)
Removing the lid reveals a plastic seal that can be torn away.
Bestival, Camp Bestival, Download and V festival are among those that are soldiering on and it seems that the former two are some of the very few that are not suffering losses. The independent festivals orchestrated by DJ Rob Da Bank seem to be selling tickets as normal and the independent entrepreneur assures the public that they will not be disappointed and that “we’ll sell out again on both our shows.”
The girls turned around, surprised by his urgency.
Kevin brewed with our Nuggets (13.9% AA, high essential oils), Centennial (11.5% AA, also high in essential oils), and Cascades (8.5% AA) per the following schedule:
And I most likely will not have internet access.
Offering free instruction on how to do something seems to be the most popular headline out there – online and off. People love to get stuff for free and people who are selling things love it even more. If you, like me, are trying to establish yourself as a fiction writer but also as a content expert, you should make sure to use some of these headlines, sprinkled in with your book sales tweets. I don't yet have my first Romantic Suspense novel done/released, so these tweets dominate my current stream of linky-tweets.
When I feel inspired to write a post here I find myself swerving toward the positive. I guess I keep my sad times to myself. They still happen and they usually take the form of NOT writing on the blog. Conspicuous by my absence I guess.
It’s 825am this morning and I’m staring at a blank page. The dog is lick-licking herself behind me. It is the background music to the click-clicking of my laptop keys. I don’t know what the hell to write, but I will say as I read the news this morning – I felt like things were all about me. I often read the NY Times and the Huffington Post, pretty much everyday. I read them at the end of the day when I know what I’m going to write first thing in the morning. When I don’t, I read them first – the stalling and the reading often helps to churn up new ideas.
I get why Doomsday Preppers is on the air and I don’t knock Nat Geo for capitalizing on the increased interest in prepping brought about by economic turmoil, the solar maximum, and the arrival of 2012. In fact, even though I generally find myself scoffing at the television while watching the show, I think that we, as preppers, should be thankful that they are shining a light on the preparedness movement – even if that light isn’t as favorable as we might like. If the show plays up some of the worse prepper stereotypes in order to drum up an audience and leverages the idea that “all preppers are a little nuts” to get people to tune in, who cares as long at it inspires some people to think about being more prepared.
Lemme unwrap that a little. I'm not saying that I could, say, eat 3000 calories of healthy food in a day and lose weight. I couldn't. What I'm saying is: if I eat mostly healthy, mostly unprocessed foods, I can cram a lot more food in for the same amount of calories. OH MAN. For me this is huge, because I a) love the physical process of eating and b) hate feeling hungry for any sustained period of time.
1/2 tea ginger
If you paid me £210,000 a year as opposed to what I get now then some of that money would trickle down and out into the general economy. I would dine out more, I would go on more holidays and visit more galleries, museums and other places of interest. I might buy a newer car and other toys, a tablet computer, a new camera, whatever the new 'shiny thing make people happy' consumer item comes on the market. So yes indeed, some other people would see the benefit of my enormous wage.
for immigrants and their descendants who were born of a different skin
Something else to consider, when my client has a large scale project that is overwhelming the best tip I can give is to break the project down into manageable parts. Look at the pieces of the project separately and decide when to start. Assign a little time each day until that portion of the project is finished. Set a timer for 20 minutes when the timer rings come to a logical stopping point and walk away from the project. Maybe take care of one or two small tasks. Then begin the next part of the project. Do this until the entire project is finished. Believe me, you’ll be finished before you know it because it’s not overwhelming when broken apart into manageable pieces.
Here’s a terrible picture of the beer in question. It goes for double figures in bottles out in San Francisco, and I’m sure everywhere else - $16.99 is a typical price. It’s made by FIRESTONE WALKER, under their confusing NECTAR ALES brand – the same folks who make that hemp beer that I actually like. It’s a super-dark, very strong black ale. BLACK XANTUS is a succulent Russian Imperial stout, with light carbonation. The dominant flavors are vanilla and bourbon – whoa, lots of bourbon. Truly, it’s almost cocktail-like, and it lacks a lot of the richness and “meaty” quality I like in beers of this ilk. I’d call it a true beer lover’s beer, but as a beer lover I found it just a tiny disappointing. In conversation with others, reactions are all over the map – some think it’s the second coming, others think it’s a whole lot of nothing. Me, I call it a 7/10.
“BlueScope know they are sponsoring the arts with us, but also the value of education – there is some really good role-modelling going on,” she says, referring to the lessons the orchestra learns from playing its many charity events over the years. It all, she says, goes towards constituting the betterment of society.
Rewritten Article Asbestos Lawsuit Rights
4. Cold Grits - It's Your Thing
Social media monitoring has played a large role in the growth and vitality of the community. The Inner Circle team created a series of alerts using social media monitoring software by vendor Radian6. The team tracks company mentions, comments, and customer passion, and regularly identifies and reaches out to non-members to invite them to the community. They also use Radian6 to keep tabs on regular commenters on Twitter.
you lifted the mother by her tail
He fought his own battle with addiction. It seems that sometimes reality is too harsh for a fragile soul to bear. He applied the drug of choice to the pain of living in a confusing world. I believe it is called "Self Medicating", with tongue in cheek. It is not funny, particularly to the ones going through it. Families are destroyed, lives are destroyed, and it often feels like nothing can be done. In truth, nothing can be ... except by the person who is self medicating.
Tryndamere: Good. Throw it out.
Same goes if I’m dressed in a suit with my coffee (slash hot chocolate, because I don’t drink coffee) in one hand and my phone in the other and I’m rushing down the street because I’m late for a meeting – I’M BUSY MOTHERFUCKER!! Do not step into my path and try and stop me, because I’m going to tell you to move, or alternatively kick you out of my way.
That thing that's been lingering on your mind, burning in your heart.....that scary beautiful thing that you can't get out of your whole soul because it wants to be heard and acted upon........guess what lovely? It's not going to go away.
While Mother went into Camelot to help Mama with something, my sister and I took Pan out to eat. (I found out that is happens to be illegal to be keeping a raccoon because it might become too “humanized.”)
definition with the goal of formulation,
taking me out for runs
Even though my husband and I plan not to send our children to school, I do not think of myself as their teacher. I won't be deciding when they are ready to learn things. I will keep our lives full of "push toys" so they can practice things on their own when they choose. And most importantly, I will be there when they want to take my hands and lead me somewhere.
■Choice of one: Hip Hop Abs, Turbo Jam, Brazil Butt Lift, Slim in 6, or Power 90
As I read Enchanted, I felt giddy each time I noticed the sly little ways that Alethea would throw in her fairy tale references. Oftentimes you can tell when they are included “just for fun”, but at other times the references are an integral part of the overall story. Regardless, it’s fun to see how many references you can spot while reading.
Turtle Pug
Demographic
When you rotate the focusing ring (even when you use the auto focus) you are just regulating the distance between the lens elements and the sensor, a subject appear sharp only when this distance is correct... READ MORE
Of all that you stole from you, and me
On April 16, 2011 we were finally able to bring our baby home. It was the day we had been waiting for. Now it was going to be real. I wasn't exactly sure at that moment what real was. I was just focused on the fact that we were no longer going to have to be at the hospital all day long and that I could hold, feed, change, and love her anytime I wanted to. Our new lives could truly begin.
Justin Wolfers, the assistant professor of business and public policy at The Wharton School, University of Pennsylvania, who conducted the survey, tried to explain the matter to one of our reporters. Here’s the transcript:
I loved my mother in law dearly. I still miss her.
(Nope, I can't even try to say that one....) Rebecca too us to that town to go shopping at a shopping center. We had pizza from a "Pizza Hut" type pizza place for lunch. The terrain is so different in this area, compared to Malawi. It is very flat and open- there aren't villages lining all the roads. And the roads are paved.
" Are you a member?"
It was the line, “I just don’t want this,” that sent me packing. I grabbed my purse, put on my coat, and attempted to grab my blanket. But the bastard snatched it up and refused to give it to me. Who buys a present for someone and then refuses to let them take it with them? Even when the present is crappy…
“The Marquise of O-,” Heinrich von Kleist
The only way into Nahanni Park is by helicopter or float plane—or foot, if you’re really crazy/adventurous. We were being flown in by pilot Ted Grant, owner of Simpson Air and the Nahanni Mountain Lodge located at Little Doctor Lake where we landed first.
For three years Maximilian and his glamorous Belgian wife Carlotta reigned over Mexico in the lavish Chapultepec Castle, built on a hill overlooking Mexico City. But the good times didn’t last.
In case you were wondering what Zooga meant, our dear Sarah Waxman breaks it down for you:
On top of this, slices of the lamb were arranged and topped with a quenelle of garlic purée and a sprig of mint.
and serve with Green Chile sauce for dipping.
Return On Engagement is Not a Numbers Game is the 45th in a series of excerpts from our book, Be a Person: the Social Operating Manual for Enterprises (itself part of a series for different audiences). At this rate it’ll be a long time before we get through all 430 pages, but luckily, if you’re impatient, the book is available in paper form at http://bit.ly/OrderBeAPerson and you can save $5 using Coupon Code 62YTRFCV
“You don’t have to be Shakira. Just take my lead and move, okay?”
However, the problem with trying to look cool, for example, takes us back to those dilemmas from our teens. Cool people seem to be effortlessly cool. People trying to be cool are inherently un-cool. So how do you make yourself look cool without looking like you’re trying to make yourself look cool? The risk of ridicule if you get it wrong is gut-knotting.
Rule #1 for staying alive in traffic is Assume everyone around you is a complete idiot and will not hesitate to cut across 4 lanes of bike traffic without even looking . Assume that everyone is capable of stopping right in front of you in the middle of the bike with no indication and will then sit there and block everyone for no reason at anytime.
MPs from the ANC and opposition parties reacted angrily and said it was unacceptable that citizens were prosecuted for losing their private weapons while police officials got off scot-free.
“In the month of July 2007, I was sad in my husband’s, best friend’s, parents’ presence, and so they asked me, ‘Why does your face look so sad when you are not really sick (no brain tumors)? You must be sad in your heart.’ I was very afraid, but I said to them, ‘I love you dearly! And why should I not be sad when the other half of my family (my ancestors) are missing, hidden from me, and my heart is heavy because I feel lost.’”
They have gelled this season. The players all seem to have confidence in one another and they are playing really solid basketball for a number of reasons. One of those reasons is Jrue Holiday.
In late March the Omaha City Council held a public hearing concerning an amendment to their anti-discrimination ordinance to add protections for sexual orientation and gender identity. The law already provides protection from discrimination based on race, gender, age, religion, and disability. Brown attended the hearing and voiced his opposition to the amendment.
A calculus
George Galloway, Islam and Britain’s Future
Today, Elsa completed her on line applications and pressed the submit button to apply to three schools: two early action and one early decision. If she is accepted to her early decision school, she must withdraw her early action applications. In that case, she will be done and will not need to submit any further applications to any colleges. If she is deferred or rejected to her ED school, she will apply to four or five additional schools. We will hope for acceptances to her EA schools in the interim. My friend Heather's daughter already has one acceptance under her belt. It was from a school with rolling admissions. These schools accept or reject students as the applications roll in. When they have enough acceptances, they simply close their registration for the semester.
There is a time when you and I will come face to face with Him. For me, as a believer, it will be at the judgment seat of Christ in the glory of Heaven. But if you do not know Him personally as Saviour, you will meet Him at the Great White Throne when He will say, “Depart from me, ye worker of iniquity.” (Luke 13:27.
The Baltic Room
I was looking for a catchy name for my blog, but also one that incorporates something that I believe in. And I feel strongly about having balance, which to be honest is difficult to do in corporate america. This is why I named my blog leaveatfive, because I feel that 5pm represents a full day at the office and it’s important to have other interests outside of sitting at a desk.
After that we’re quite sure his career will take a dramatic turn for the better. People will quit screwing him over. The sun will come out and the muses will smile down upon him. Heck, he might even win a slew of Academy Awards!
This is my first attempt...the idea was to show the egg in a basket. Remember the Easter egg hunts of your childhood and that feeling when you found your first egg? That is the memory I tried to capture in this ZIA I call "The hunt is on."
"Prior to cooking, the development and implementation of financing path"
I don’t have anything else to say about this movie, other than I hated the child actor Thomas Horn so much by the end of the movie that I wish something terrible would happen to him by the end. His performance was remarkably grating and terrifically annoying, which is odd because director Stephen Daldry got such an amazing performance out of Jamie Bell at a young age in Billy Elliot. Massive dislike for this movie.
3. Dried red chilies, 1-2.
Crumbles as we speak
This is good news for people who feel their thumbs twitch at the thought of sitting still. But it is surprising, maybe even unwelcome or abrasive, news for those who have spent a lifetime seeking inner peace through stillness, meditation and prayer. Those who rely on “The Power of Now” to find peace might find the idea of spiritual enlightenment through Becoming rather than Being counter-intuitive.
"The suspect claimed that he was possessed by a demon as he heard
I fully agree with the majority when in its opinion it says:
A few weeks ago, I saw a post on someone's blog in which a button design patterned paper was used to line the bottom of a tray. When I saw it, I immediately thought of the 30,000 or so buttons I have stashed in my room. I used many of the older buttons that belonged to my grandmother who removed them from every piece of clothing before it finally hit the rag bag. She NEVER through anything away until it had been used to the point of disintegration.
'Oh yeah!'
Bearing in mind that we are now suffering the worst drought in nearly a century and that our weather seems to follow New York weather (by about a week), could this mean that the drought might end in late August?
Here you have a great list with common rules for anyone how wants to manage. Is it Business or Personal? It really doesn’t matter. These rules are for your life.
de esta un papel decorativo. Luego, toma una cartulina blanca
On the subject of wildlife, I had a bit of an upset this morning. The BBC Planet Earth Live starts on Sunday and I am really looking forward to it. Part of the show is featuring black bears from Minnesota. Some of you will remember the most delightful three part film called The Bear Family & Me that was filmed by Gordon Buchanan, a Scottish wildlife photographer/camera man. The films focused on a little bear cub called Hope, and her mother, Lily. I had hoped that Planet Earth Live would give us a chance to catch up with Hope and see how she is doing but I learned this morning that it is thought she has been killed by hunters. A year old. And shot for sport. I am not ashamed to say that I had a good cry. Godammit, it makes me so angry.
Cressida is happily married to Joe, has 2 young sons, Luc and Max and a baby daughter, Bonnie.
But not even a star scriptwriter could have spun such a gory tale of intrigue and cruelty. The Tribune culls out facts from the judgment to reproduce the events that led to Harpreet Kaur’s forcible abortion and Bibi Jagir Kaur’s five-year rigorous imprisonment sentence.
Something else I never try to hide is the fact that I have never actually bought myself anything from Boden although there have been a few pieces in the past that I have rather liked (think last years leopard print flat sandals), I normally reserve Boden (along with The White Company) for purchasing my 11 year old sons pyjamas and swimshorts. The quality is second to none and you get such a great return on the items once they are outgrown and you sell them on ebay, so after seeing lots of Bloggers rocking this seasons Boden version and even reading the treads on mumsnet and the Boden community page about this particular garment, I decided that even with a 7 week wait list (gulp) both the price (£25) and the fact I managed to decide on my purchase using a discount code (M684) at checkout which made the top a bargainous £21.25 and also saved me £4 with free p&p, a wardrobe classic such as this IS worth the wait. Also bear in mind that I will completely forget that I have bought it by the time it arrives and it will be a very pleasant surprise!
Lewis's goal is to reach 1,000 authors. As of this past Wednesday, over 800 authors had responded.
#16 The ECB is not going to be able to buy up debt from troubled eurozone members indefinitely. The European Central Bank is already holding somewhere in the neighborhood of 444 billion euros of debt from the governments of Greece, Italy, Portugal, Ireland and Spain. On Friday, Jurgen Stark of Germany resigned from the European Central Bank in protest over these reckless bond purchases.
One day can be good if it is all that you desire.
Johannesburg, ditto.
Signing up is very easy, you give them your email, make a password, and then attach a PayPal account to it. There’s also a little bit more information, but not much. They try to find surveys that fit your profile after you do a survey to give them the information required to find surveys for you. Many of the surveys they give to you afterwards are opinion based anyways.
Nah, really, it’s so folks can get photos of them so they can take their photo in front of the White House doors. That was mostly it, and you could tell by all the smiling faces that people were having a great time. I was. But you had to get there really early to avoid the mob. First you had to stand in line to get free tickets to enter the property. Then you had to stand in line to go onto the property. My line time Saturday was about an hour and a half. I arrived at 7:30 a.m. and got in for the first tour at 9.
ZP: Mmmhhh...
my family ni gangsta sikit.
Remember we moved from the NT to the 'rat? Then 2 months after we moved, Maybs got sick. And then the bit I didn't tell you.....the real kick you in the guts stuff..... husband was sacked from his job.
Geoffrey Lewis was solid, but I didn't feel he was all that different from what I have seen him in in the past. Which isn't a bad thing... just an observation really. The man has been in tons of stuff that I know I have seen and cannot think of any of it off hand. He was in Thunderbolt and Lightfoot which I really need to sit down and watch one of these days.
Anyway, if it's relisted, I'll be sure and put a new link on here.
The presentation is solid and spectacular so far. Slant Six’s programming expertise with a couple of excellent SOCOM titles on the PSP as well as the hard-core fan-favorite SOCOM Confrontation on the PS3 is on full display here in a sharper-looking game that’s going to make a lot of folks happy from new players to RE veterans. My suggestion to the cross-armed, stubborn RE die-hards that think this game isn’t the same thing as what they love is to shake it off and realizes, that YES, it may be an all-new way to play a RE game for some of you guys and gals, but it WORKS and works brilliantly once you see how well everything comes together. Besides, Capcom hasn’t let that old-school gameplay you crave die off completely. Resident Evil Revelations on the Nintendo 3DS will offer up an excellent game that plays like the older titles (but looks absolutely incredible on the handheld).
Side One:
I think the show is so successful because of the stories of the working class. I have been known to tear up at some of the stories, because these are real people trying to make a living, something 98% of the people watching the show can relate to (I guessed that statistic…). Some of the stories are inspiring, and others are just downright sad, but it really teaches you to appreciate the things you have.
Next step: rip and scrape off as much of the paper as possible. At a complete loss for any idea to keep this disaster from snowballing, I could come up with nothing other than to cover it with more of the blue ocean map. Once I had done that, it became clear that it was too light, and therefore not helping the contrast problem at all. Darkening it seemed the only solution, so I added layers of acrylic ink until I thought the value was dark enough (you can see this below). Problematically, the map didn't absorb the ink well, instead building up a gloppy surface somewhat like a floor that's been waxed too many times without being stripped.
Hello Gleeks! I can’t tell you what a relief it is to be surrounded by people that understand how unsatisfying it is to be confined to singing that completely relevant and appropriate song to myself, in my head, all the time. It is so nice to know that I can count on you to always be near a piano, always know the harmony, and always know the perfect dance moves at the exact moment I am ready to express my emotions through song. Before Glee, I didn’t know such magic was possible. I put this life lesson into place almost immediately after the premier of the show. I still get some weird looks from time to time, but I know it just might take everyone else a little bit of time to warm up to this idea…FALSE. That doesn’t happen. That is not real life. High school was not that cool.
In poetry pacing is regulated by two separate factors: the position of words on the page, and the meter of the lines. These two can interact with each other in order to further manipulate the reader’s perception of the speed of the poem.
During our early years of marriage, I took the opportunity to clean house, and by "clean house," I mean, "got rid of his stuff."
Shelbourne 15/8 (Bet365); Draw 21/10 (General); Derry City6/4 (General)
That's right as Paul McCartney and Wings. And we collectively went into a dreadful acapella version of Mull of Kintyre. It was never broadcast of course, but we added it to our set list after that. We did it as the encore at the Lyceum, our first major headlining gig. We’d always choose two different keys, Andy would sing one part and we would play the other… it was all rather confusing. And that was our encore.
Now i don't know about you ,but i could really use this set!Good luck!ends feb 4th at noon!
Once you've tied the knot, you can use your married initial on any and every detail at your reception including your wedding favors, cake, menu cards, place and seating cards and any other items you are planning on having.
(Mom was there too, but the photo I took of her turned out too dark to salvage.)
Over brandy and Christmas pud’ Nirab turned his attentions to Uncle Dudley and beat him in the staring out game. Uncle Dudley began to cry like he does when drunk/emotional and got the better of. Then Nirab nearly choked on the penny in the pudding and everybody laughed, apart from Mother, who beat Nirab’s back rapidly, squealing and trying to get it up…
Regarding character traits, Maimonides writes “that a person should follow the golden ‘path of the middle’ and not lean towards one extreme or the other.”
BEGIN ANYWHERE.
Hey Negrita is a great little band out of the UK that has THREE SXSW showcases. I'm not sure I've ever seen that. They're a great little band that is good to check out if you like your country a little rollicking with some great song writing.
Even wrestler Terry Funk - who was one of the absolute highlights of Paradise Alley as far as I'm concerned - is about as muted as Loggia, if not moreso. In Alley, playing the dumb brutish pug Frankie The Thumper with a heavy verbal dosage of Damon Runyon's colorful thugs, every one of Funk's scenes was a highlight and well worth watching for the delight Funk seemed to take in playing such a great part. Here, as bodyguard Ruker, all he does is wear a suit and get punched by Sly in a scene. Nothing else. Maybe there was a sense of being upstaged feared by someone? Gotta wonder....
If you received one, sorry about that!
Vanilla: The addition of vanilla produces a smoother, creamier lemon flavor and it seems you can taste the milk more. If you like a tangy tart, lemony flavor forgo the vanilla.
Conditions can make you sigh
From its founding in 1912 Paramount had grown into what was at one point the biggest movie studio in the world. It owned a thriving theatre chain and released some of the most successful movies ever made. The studio became identified with comedies and released some of the best films in the genre. It was home to some of the greatest directors in the history of film. Through Fleischer Studios it produced some of the greatest animated films ever made. Paramount would also become the first studio to become involved in the medium of television. It would also increase its involvement in the new medium even as its own fate hung in the balance in the Fifties.
One wonders also now, what the stalinist European Union will do. When the Freedom Party helped form a coalition government in 2000, the New World Order went bananas, spat their dummies out and ignorning the will of the Austrian electorate carried out sanctions against Austria.
I am aware of cases where we have got this spectacularly wrong, where a small clique has successfully controlled the decision making to create a decision they feel happy with, rather than the right decision. The root cause of two particular cases of this was one person being valued more highly than another. Equality is essential in a Quaker meeting: the only hierarchy is from respect, earned individually from each person, and a high baseline of respect given to everyone. And yet I know Quakerly decision making is possible, and I am committed to felicitating it.
A very tasty seasonal treat for sure. Maple, hazelnut and chocolate are front and center for this English Nut Brown styled beer. It was very different with the maple syrup flavor I almost forgot that I was drinking a beer and not a dessert wine or hot chocolate or something... One of those beers where you can only have 1 or 2 because it just isn't a session type of beer - unless you can handle the sugar overload!
Retribution Falls is a hard book to classify. It has classic elements of Fantasy, but with Sci-Fi tech akin to Steampunk yet I hesitate to put it in that camp as it is much more advanced. Retribution Falls is much more than a Firefly riff as it is like an entire season without one lull compressed into less than 375 pages of complete and utter bliss. I do wonder if it would exist without the influence of Joss Whedon, but either way Wooding does an incredible job of creating a group of the most compelling characters I've found in sometime and he makes you care about nearly each and everyone of them right down to the sleep asphyxiating cat.
Martha’s life was over.
In the end, the trip cost us less than we expected it to, and we managed to get it home without any major hassle. It was a good night for the trip!
All of this may be wishful thinking, and starting with a quote by the canonical dead white male artist, Picasso, may seem perverse or misguided. Nevertheless, I recognized his words as an expression of both a love of art and a resistance to the entombment of its traditions by cultural managers. For me those sentiments seem more relevant today than ever.
Arts' in D Minor / Harry Houdini
I really should be starting on a correspondence course for ANG but I just can't put this one down. It is a fun and cute stitch.
I’m currently in Budapest at a college turned hostel for the summer. CETP, the program through which I found my job, is giving us a weeklong orientation.
Spent the weekend settling back into the studio and trying to get things organized around here. I promptly messed that all up by starting some new art pieces. ﻿﻿﻿
6. Truckin' - 10:31
Some have questioned this statement and the origin of any U.S. moral responsibilities towards Israel. One can legitimately ask whether all segments of the American population would agree with such an assertion. In fact President Eisenhower took prompt action to squelch Israeli territorial ambitions in 1956 with a policy that placed America’s interests first in dealing with and responding to Israel. But Presidents since then have strayed from Eisenhower’s position, and evolved the strong U.S. commitment to Israel’s in-situ preservation into a touch stone of U.S. foreign policy. Our decision makers have talked us into this position for decades with a foreign policy that uncompromisingly defends Israel’s physical existence. If and when war and/or evacuation become necessary they will fall to us – not as a matter of national consensus, but as a reality for the President at that time.
Enjoy the read....... and try to stay awake!
Okay so I'm not exactly Charlie Sheen, but I have my own loose cannon ways. Like, getting ready for a theatre opening night the other night I found I only had mismatched socks left. What did I do? I wore mismatched socks – and got away with it. Loose Cannon.
2- You can shape the top layer of the dough the way you like, I like the strips but you can cut it as small shapes for kids.
-A fuzzy purple stuffed animal making sproinging noises
in 9 different, gorgeous shades. Their baked blushes are currently on sale on Cherry Culture for $6.99 each. Here is the link if you are interested in picking up a few shades.
Saldaña: When I started the story, it was from Roelito’s point of view, but then I got to a place where he would have to tell stuff about his older brother Beto that he had no real way of telling true. It was never a question in my mind.
Also, due to the fact I'm leaving at stupid o'clock, I'm going to miss the Lost season finale tonight. If anyone gives me any spoilers, I will hunt you down and kill you.
The oldest natives of the kingdom could uncover books about various hobbies that magically filled their retirement with pleasure, new avenues of learning, and connections to others who shared their passion for things like gardening, crafting, and travel! Music CDs were as plentiful as fruit on a vine and their “flavors” ranged from Bach to Michael Jackson! Movies lined the walls and cinematic treasures could be enjoyed by young and old! The library’s magic was great enough that all the marvelous things could even be taken home for temporary use with one wave of a library card! However, hard times threatened to rob the library of its once bountifully funded magic and slowly the formerly abundant library materials and services were endangered. Some whispered that the golden doors to the library might even be closed!
I also like to use the Swiffer. One of my friends told me about these about a month ago and I love it. You can use dry cloths to sweep and wet cloths to mop. It is reasonably priced and easy to use. I bought the pink one at Target.
The final bit of important info we get from this episode is the other story about those who got spirited away. Apparently their school was built over a shrine, and as a result, the school was “cursed”. The girl who vanished (whom they perceive to be Yuuko) was in theory, a victim of the school’s curse. Coincidentally, the place where Yuuko’s remains are situated, looks eerily like a shrine. Teiichi notices the interrelation of the stories (the mystery behind the mirror, the ghost that takes students away, and now the shrine mystery) presents the idea that the “mysteries” and ghost stories could all possibly be cover-ups for some greater mystery – most likely the truth of what really happened to Yuuko.
Daddy was a little distressed by the twenty-four new eggs now that they have arrived. He said that was a lot of chickens. I think he is concerned that mommy won’t have the courage to chop off their heads and eat them. Gosh, I guess when I write it like that it does seem a little drastic. No wonder daddy is uneasy, but I promise to be brave and follow through in my decision to participate in the rooster culling necessary to a small heritage flock.
–Raises taxes on oil and gas. Total: $40 billion
(*Finicky version: I cut up the chicken, spaghetti, and broccoli into bite-size pieces, pouring strained sauce over the entire thing. My littles want nothing to do with mushrooms. They must be crazy.)
The FTX-L 3G is a space-saving 100mm x 266mm module. It is housed in the standard Crystal Vision frames (available in 4U, 2U, 1U and desk top box sizes) which makes it very easy to transmit signals from any of the company’s interface, keying or picture storage modules, by making system wiring easier. Inputs and outputs are accessed using the RM55 frame rear module – conveniently the same rear module used for the FRX 3G receiver.
One of the main obstacles an independent author faces is that too many media outlets refuse to give credence to our work. Although I have received support and interviews in local publications, efforts to get my books reviewed have been thwarted. Our local newspaper, The Roanoke Times, refuses to not only review any self-published author, but also accept reviews from others for self-published books. As I have been a paid columnist, as well as a free contributor to a blog, the irony is not lost on me.
Reeking of death.
-Chris Dae (oh and feel free to submit possible name changes i'm really sick of my name :) lol )
A Screening of the documentary “Meeting with a Killer: One Family’s Journey”
One Candle for my angel alone and then one for the many angels of my dear friends that have lost their own angels to soon.
Lullabies.
I am putting myself forth as a reference of Jesus Christ. How are you responding to that witness? Is He foolishness or is He the power of God in your life? I close with Romans 1:16. “For I am not ashamed of the gospel of Christ for it is the power of God unto salvation to everyone that believeth.”
Wrapping me with borrowed gleams: short-ranged,
It includes several varieties of lettuces, and plenty of greens: spinach, swiss chard, collards and kale. Peas and carrots, radishes and rhubarb, and berries for dessert will also be on the menu, along with some standard fare herbs and some more unusual varieties such as anise hyssop, thai basil and sorrel. Camomile also will be grown…a favorite tea maybe of the First Family? Edible flowers such as nasturtiums and marigolds will border the raised, organically fertilized beds, along with zinnias, for cut flowers. And to top it off, a White House staff member will also tend two bee hives for honey.
I think these are the most special presents of all.
Good Morning!
A pancake post seemed rather appropriate with Mardi Gras (a.k.a. Fat Tuesday or Pancake Tuesday) just around the corner. While some consider Mardi Gras acause for celebration, all it ever meant for me growing up was that pancakes were served in school that morning and that I was expected to tell the teacher what I was giving up for Lent (I attended Catholic school). Occasionally, though not annually, I would get a second serving of pancakes at home for dinner that night. As I have always loved pancakes, more pancakes were always welcome.
Things around me are not clear,
This is my stuff:
Badger - being the great lovers of floral and fruit themes that they always have been - have integrated soft twangs of rosewater, apricot and orange into the mix which, again, add a certain sharpness to delicately counter that sweetness which might otherwise be too syrupy and rich.
Popular Press:
Going barefoot will also allow her feet to develop naturally without being restricted by shoes. Your baby’s bones are soft, and cramping them in a pair of shoes too early can squash her feet and prevent them growing properly.
I'm not sure what a cow has to do with the first chapter. But I think that is cool. Somebody was like, "I'm gonna write a religious text, and I'm going to write the word 'The Cow' for the first chapter."
Ryan and I took McNally to the condo in Destin for a long vacation (McNally's first vacation). It was a much needed get away, very relaxing, and very different than our past vacations. Not much to say about the trip but I did want to post a few pictures.
I have incredible news to share with you! Stephanie's new stamps are coming out so soon that we are having a celebration NEXT WEEK! The Whimsical Designs sneak peeks will be on Thursday (December 1st) and Friday (December 2nd) at 7:00am EST. The stamp reveal Blog Hop will be on Friday, December 2nd at 7:00pm EST. One random winner who enters this week's challenge will win all four stamp sets in Stephanie's very first release! How exciting! Want to see a sneak peek photo? I thought you might...
Pictures: As many extra pictures as you like
Hi honey, where are you?
I bet you didn’t know under that live oak
Apparently, Savage released some sort of half-apology over the weekend related to the following comment:
The Vermilion Band Boosters will be holding a community rummage sale on Saturday, April 14th in the Sailorway Middle School Cafeteria. In addition, we will have concessions, a bake sale, and businesses will have booths with additional items for purchase.
I have put together a top 10 list of places I want to ride in the world, actually I have had this list for a while now however this is the first time I am publishing it.
Be exalted above the heavens, O God;
Akin to their heavily muscled, racially ambiguous brethren, the Paul brothers bring an off-kilter approach to their line readings that causes the person who is watching and listening to tilt their head slightly to the side while simultaneously making a nonplussed expression with their face. Loudly screaming their dialogue with heightened sense of urgency, the Peter and David bring an unconventional charm to their roles. Whether uttering nonsensical gibberish, babbling incoherently or merely mixing their metaphors, the thickly structured duplicates do so with an exaggerated brand of comical desperation.
2064.E-X/3/1998. “Character Matters in a Republic.” Hickory Daily Record, Hickory, North Carolina, p. A-4.
My card features the beautiful Bible Verse from Nehemiah 8:10 that can be found on the Scripture 6 Collection. As you can tell I've kept my design clean and simple.....I decided to emboss my card with the SU Framed Tulips Folder. Next I added the Cotton Lace, the Zva Pearls Flourish and the Flowers.
If household chores are not your fortay, perhaps you could look to a place that is a little more discreet for your mock-sex toy fun. This, my friends, is the real very first sex toy that you may ever own: Your husband’s Mach 5 razor.
It would have been one big room, open to the roof, with a central open hearth, smoke holes in the gables and a maybe a small window or two, with real glazing, unlike the hovels. A timber panel to one end would have housed the solar, where the owners slept. Cooking and crapping was done outside.
6) Testing ( and final testing ) of design and prototype.
Some intrinsic aspects of brewing and beer culture remain valid in my idealistic perspective; community, craft, artistry, commerce, good times, building positive relationships through healthy interaction. Organic craft brewing to me is a natural extension of the best beer ideal. Corporations consider best management practices; organic craft beer is a best practice for living. It's sad that products need to be certified by the government as free of pesticides and other chemicals, but if that's what it takes to inform consumers it's probably worth the hassle and expense.
Book Fairs (London, Frankfurt, Bologna)
The Victorian State Government in Australia has recently passed legislation which will allow in-house lawyers to undertake pro bono work. Previously, they could not do so owing to restrictions that prevented holders of corporate practicing certificates from engaging in pro bono legal practice.
Now in its second year, the four-week program got its start this way: Our team at Piedmont was brainstorming ways to improve our community involvement, which is a requirement to succeed at all levels of The Outstanding Building of the Year (TOBY) awards. We considered volunteer programs at hospitals, foundations and other organizations, but decided to develop a program that would bring students from Chicago International’s charter school campuses here to our offices.
The Folies Bergères opened in Paris on a May 1st, which seems appropriate (1869).
Anheuser-Busch (1127 Pestalozzi St. & Lynch St). OK, let’s be frank, most of you aren’t going to be interested in drinking the beer from AB. But, it’s one of the oldest breweries in the country and it’s certainly cool to see some of the historic buildings. The tour itself is very impressive, but don’t expect the tour guides to know much off of their script.
After my time living in South America, I found myself returning to the valley and, through chance and circumstance, relocating much higher up in the valley. At the very top, in fact. Culturally, climactically and geologically, it is a vastly different experience.
Another thing I love about summer is wearing my casual denim shorts. They say relax and don't take your day too seriously when I wear them. Which gets me thinking about the "new" summer trend that was spotted on many fashion runways for spring/summer 2010. The good news is I have NOT seen much of this "new"trend. Which trend, you ask? WEARING DOUBLE DENIM!!!
Here's my line-up of inspiring outfits from the Crew:
4. (Update, because I forgot-ed). I FINALLY got to see the Northern Lights!!! EEEEK! It was our last week in Finland, and the amazingly awesome Megan over at A Suitcase and Stilettos messaged me to say that a big storm was coming through and the Northern Lights were supposed to be great that night. She's in Norway and keeps an eye on these things. So the hubs and I drove out of the city to 'find' them. He about swerved off the highway as they Aurora came into focus and I screamed at the top of my lungs, "THERE THEY ARE!". It was pretty cool. Because of the full moon that night, they weren't as bright as they could have been. But still, they were visible and like nothing I had seen before. And, of course, I don't have a picture. Lost my camera somewhere between Helsinki and Houston in January. Not that the pics would have come out anyways. But for those of you that breeze through the blog (let's be honest, we all do that to some extent), I'll let you think the picture below was them :)
By authority of Brigadier-General Beauregard, commanding the Provisional Forces of the Confederate States, we have the honor to notify you that he will open the fire of his batteries on Fort Sumter in one hour from this time. We have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servants, James Chestnut, Jr. Aide-de-Camp.
He did that every day for about 40 years.
In addition to the relationship nastiness, I was stuck in a miserable small town in the middle of TexAss and surrounded by remarkably hostile colleagues in my work life. The small gay community that was there felt really depressing because they were so under siege.
The path was covered with dry leaves which made an irritating crackling sound under my heavy boots. The birds were not so noisy now and once in while a cricket could be heard. The trees stood like mourners in a line along the path sending shivers in my body. For a moment I thought that I was walking with Melisa’s ghost. As if sensing my thoughts, the old woman turned and smiled but her eyes remained expressionless.
And yet an undeniable menace lurked inside the word. Being called a “fag” meant that you were weak, an easy target….in short, a girl. But the word’s true menace, I now realize, arose from its inchoate intimation of sex. Real sex. Fucking. It was more than an insult. “Jerk” was an insult. “Fag” was a cage that boys built around other boys, one that was intended to stand between the alleged fag and true manhood. A boy in the cage would never be permitted to experience the glories of fucking. Instead, he would be fucked. Like a girl. My mistake, my fatal blind spot, was that I didn’t see the cage being built. I just wanted to play the flute; I liked the way it sounded and looked. In my 6th-grade naiveté, I didn’t realize that it was a girl’s instrument and that boys of my age should not play with girly things.
I don’t know what the screenplay looked like before Chabon started his repairs, but Stanton is already planning two sequels. Burroughs wrote ten, but Disney wants to rake in $700 million first. That’s less than Spider-Man 2, but still a high bar for even an interplanetary superman to clear.
Have you ever felt like Rip Van Winkle, suddenly waking up and realizing that changes have taken place while you were sleeping or simply not focusing on a particular thing—perhaps a thing that you grew up with, something ineffably lovely—and now that “something” has vanished?
It looks like McLaren have opened up a slot in the back of the rear wing, this is visible as a blackline above the normal slot between the wing and flap. This slot is fed with air from the inlet and routed inside the shark fin and rear wing flap. The high pressure air exits through the slot and effectively makes the two element rear wing into a three element device. This allows the rear wing to angled more steeply without fear of stalling, thus creating more downforce.
...okay I just got back from running "The Nob" or Nob's Hill. That is NOT to be effed with. Well I'm off to check out a little bit of the Giants Parade (may as well watch someone enjoy winning), and then I'm onward to do some beering somewhere in around the Golden Gate Park.
2. In a pan, heat oil and add Mustard followed by Fenugreek seeds, Jeeragam and curry leaves.
But I've been thinking about great YA novels of the past, published before the establishment of the award. The Printz was first awarded in 2000 (Monster by Walter Dean Myers was that first recipient) but--contrary to what some people seem to believe, YA literature has been around long long before then. The American Library Association's Best Books for Young Adult committee has been around since 1966, compiling annual lists of the finest YA books.
Despite these encouraging figures being much higher than those achieved in 2009 and 2010, investment is still some way off the amounts reached in 2007 and 2008, when foreign investment exceeded 5,300 million euros.
Thursday, December 13th–Therapy.
Yam T'Cha: The year's most mediatized newcomer, this small table , not far from the Louvre museum, offered what I hesitate to call a fusion cuisine. Chef Adeline Grattard and her Chinese husband, Chi Wa, run this modern little dining room , all minimalist with exposed brick and open kitchen, offering a tasting menu including French and Asian products (Challans duck with Szechuan pepper, hot foie gras with Pok Choi and mustard leaves), that is subtle and completely unique. No surprise then, that Grattard trained with some of the best, the Meurice's Yannick Alleno and Astrance's Pascal Barbot, as well as a stint in Hong Kong at the two star Bo Innovation. Chi Wa, a former graphic designer runs the tea service with elegance and professionalism. But the press coverage was brutal and immediate, and getting a table at either lunchtime or dinner is nearly impossible, and time will tell if they can withstand this pressure. As a chef friend of mine recently said "Adeline is stressing out too much, you can feel the stress in the dining room, and I wonder if you can even taste it in her cuisine".
It’s hard when you lose
Comet 17P/Holmes shocked astronomers on October 24, 2007, with a spectacular eruption. By mid-November the expanding comet had become the most visible object in the solar system—bigger even than the sun. Since then, the comet has faded back into invisibility.
♥ In Mecklenburg and five surrounding counties, there are 10 facilities participating in one or more Get With The Guidelines Programs.
Seriously? Come on people!
1/2 cup finely chopped fresh cilantro
Therefore, we have to put up filters for our information, so that we know what deserves our time and energy and what does not. One of those filters is considering where the information is coming from. If you read a blog by someone without children who is giving out practical advice on how to raise children, you might not want to do too much with that information. If there’s a fellow employee at work who’s always giving you second and third-hand information who tells you the company is downsizing, don’t start packing up your desk. See, the person from whom the information comes goes a long way in helping you determine what you should do with that information.
Patrick Stewart (Jeffrey)
knock something down
Oftentimes dinner at our house is as simple as pizza and a salad. Lately, I've been throwing together a simple tomato and avocado salad that my cousin-in-law showed me how to assemble. (He and his sweet wife came and cooked dinner at our house when our family member was sick back in December- how nice is that?!) They made chili, cornbread, and this salad, and I've been eating it regularly ever since.
of endless love,
The Full Monty (Simon Beaufoy)
Batch 005 - St. Defibaugh Tripel - Been in bottles for over a month and is well carbed. Just a few more "warm days" then it's off to the cellar for a month before I touch one. The oak came out great, all the spices in play, beautiful color, couldn't be happier. Will be peaking in about 18 months I'd say.
“I’m ok, but things are just not that good”
18. Weather Warfare, Jerry E. Smith, HAARP, Jerry E. Smith. Scientist and Physicist Jim Phelps, 30 years NASA and HAARP, WhistleBlower. Jim McCanney 30+ years Physics, PLASMA, HAARP, Weather Modification Warfare. Weather bombing America.
When I started my search for a new computer to replace my aging system, I naturally began looking for the appropriate hard drive. This is the heart of any personal computer. It *IS* the desktop after all, and comes in many different shapes, sizes and configurations.
I did this in my map journal where I only use red, white and black.....I also try and keep some of the map showing................I actually find working in this journal quite hard! In my "normal" journals if I do something I don't like or it doesn't work out I can just paint or gesso over it.....in this one as I want to keep the map showing this is not so easy!
Looking at all of the beautiful pieces people are redoing with Annie Sloan Chalk Paint has inspired me.
And now onto today's ramblings...
I'd say that we now resume to regular programming, but I don't think we are really sure what that is yet. However, we will be back in the future with more fashion in one shape or form.
~Cherry 4.26.12
Put the cream with a couple of drops of vanilla extract and a bit of sugar in a saucepan at medium/low heat. Let it cook until reduces to half.
In my eight or so years of interviewing people I’ve yet to comment on anyone’s voice though Sullivan seems worthy to be the exception—his voice, on the page, has been among the most fantastic and gorgeous of the last decade or so. Tempted though I am, I will not here mention at length how Sullivan’s voice is among the very best going in contemporary nonfiction, and I will absolutely not go to lengths about how, for those of us who will never be able to get enough Wallace, Sullivan is who we should now be tracking (reasons for not going to lengths on that: seemingly everyone everywhere puts Sullivan and Wallace together).
“Oh, we have to sell all these books to raise money to keep the library open.”
Manchester post-punk band, initially active between 1979 and 1989, who recorded for labels including New Hormones and Factory.
I picked up some of my long-forgotten clothes from my friend's flat this week - loads of Ted clothing and accessories (think Edwardian style cameo brooches, and western bolo and crossover ribbon ties), some original, some reproduction - I can't wait to wear it all again!
Yet another “good faith” warrantless GPS tracking case, this time in California, has come before a judge. This time, fire investigators collected evidence from a suspected arsonist using a GPS tracking device which they affixed to the suspect’s vehicle. Now Jonathan Griffin, his defense attorney, is attempting to have all evidence gathered via the tracking device suppressed in the case against Jairo Perkins-Grubbs.
JUST A NOTE: I show a real candle in my photo, this is just a way to package a candle as a gift. Please DO NOT light a real candle in this lantern. I do have a battery operated tea light that I think would be beautiful to place in this.
Let your bending in the archer’s hand be for gladness;
I first learned this recipe when my boyfriend received a bunch of beets from his CSA. While he was excited, I cringed. Beets are those weird, imbetween plants that are too sweet to be what I conceive as a veggie, too squishy in texture to be a veggie, but not sweet enough to be a fruit. Basically, I don’t like them. That didn’t stop us from having a lot of them, so I had to figure out a plan. I set to my rule of thumb for produce–if you don’t like it in its own form, turn it into a baked good. For me, that’s muffins.
Off to catch up with you all and visit my new teamies blogs.
Credit: Crunchyroll Scott Green
Over the course of recent decades, the corrupt system of appointing the very people engaged in the crimes they are appointed, or hired to prevent, has accelerated beyond all reason. It is obvious at this point that the officials put in charge of hiring and appointing, are picking individuals with a pathological mindset for the very worst behaviors in this diseased age. Whether it is DHS, TSA, Child Protection Services, or any of the gamut of bloated and useless government agencies, they are specifically hiring criminals, perverts, troglodytes, serial sexual psychopaths and serial killers, for the very reason that they are what they are. There is no hyperbole or exaggeration here. That is how it is.
to late summer
CP: I did a lot J I like different music styles and I never wanted to combine all the things I like in one project… So I had Tumor for the industrial music, Terminal Choice for the funny and more industrial rock music and Blutengel for the romantic, dark pop and gothic music! It’s always a different style of working. TC is a band so we “jam” in the studio, drinking, making music. For BE I have to be alone and I have to be in a more let’s say “sad” mood.
A new venture in jewellery retailing initially targeted women between 18 and 49, but found that most of their buyers were men who saw the chain as useful for selecting a gift but had a highly unsatisfied task of ‘presenting the gift in an interesting way’. The jewellery chain zeroed in on an opportunity to sell men great gifts, by helping them find the perfect way to make a surprise gift presentation.
Make SURE the book itself is getting the same kind of polish you're doing here.
Suddenly, this man, whom a practice of yoga and certain Hindu techniques have led to superior states of consciousness, is seized with trembling; his body becomes icy and he recognizes the strange feeling which announces clairvoyancy phenomena in him.
Last week I started working on pictures and scrapbooking for the boys. I figured at some point childhood memories would be good. It was my first photo printing, other than Christmas cards in years, I kid you not. Digital has made me really bad at that. Hopefully w/ local prints for 15 cents each at the grocery store w/ childcare (yeah, I need to write a post about this awesome Rochester feature), I'll get better at this.
The Upsetters - Peace & Dub
One thing I absolutely HAVE to mention: the packaging is so cute! It comes with its own little brown cushion, in a pink box, in a black box. It's a bit like "pass the parcel" when you're unwrapping it... Nevertheless, I love it - and I love ASOS for giving me the chance to win such a glamorous watch!
Brooklynn has turned into such a sweet girl. I can honestly admit that I've been overly emotional this pregnancy. I don't usually care much about birthdays, but when we were all going to bed and david still wasn't home I got a little upset. I might have even cried a little (or a lot). Sweet Brooklynn climbed into bed with me and wrapped her tiny arms around my neck. She started saying "It's ok Mommy, Brooklynn's here! I've got you, don't cry Mommy...don't be sad!". Then I might have bawled like a baby from those sweet words.
The wealthier and more privileged social groups have been mostly insulated from the worst of these phenomena through residential isolation in well-protected neighborhoods, and by their access to private schooling for their children. The brunt of immigrant lawlessness has been borne by the lower and lower-middle classes, who are subjected to harassment and violence on an almost daily basis.
John J. Wall
'No wait!' 'ummmm' 'No really, what else was I learning?'
But if Albert makes off, it won’t be for lack of telling.
When I was growing up, my brother and I were the only kids on either side of the family. I mostly hung out with my grandparents and aunts who were 40 years older than I. I often enjoy the company of those older than I, and sometimes more than the company of my peers. But there’s something about sitting in a waiting room and knowing I have this disease, this problem that is only supposed to be THEIR problem, this thing that is not supposed to affect me until I also need a cane or a walker. I was scared and angry.
a) the middle finger of the left hand
It may not have the prettiest appearance, but the flavour hits you, and it hits you good. Can you handle it?
We have not done our usual stuff this winter. We just really got into Island Life! But it’s been anything but boring!
After making a film as perfect as Sunset Blvd. in 1950, many directors would have found themselves on that inevitable downward slide, forever trying to match the greatness of their earlier masterpiece. Not so with Billy Wilder. Not only did he continue to make such remarkable films as The Apartment and Some Like It Hot, but in 1957 he nearly equaled his 1950 achievement with a movie that has stood the test of time like few others: Witness for the Prosecution.
created a new stencil that I'm using today! I'll of course let you guys know how it goes.
I’m weak
According to several bloggers the world is going to end this Saturday. To celebrate here is a repost looking at the ways Hollywood thinks we will cark it.
In the 1947 flood
It is also worth noting that:
As you can see in the above pictures, the forsythia was in bloom. We have a forsythia bush in my backyard in New York. To me, it’s just as amazing as seeing cherry blossoms bloom. The yellow is just so vibrant and beautiful.
And I realized that the terrorists' attempt to break our nation and bring us down had only united us under our flag, and made us stronger.
"unhindered and permanent monitoring of Israel’s nuclear potential and Iran’s nuclear facility through an international entity that the government of both countries would approve.”
We returned to the car and began our drive back to Darwin. There are several airstrips along this highway that were used during WWII by the fighter planes so we stopped and took some pictures. We also stopped in Humpty Doo for some lunch. We got back in time to clean up, and then we headed to the Darwin Sailing Club to attend the BBQ for the Indonesia Rally. It was an interesting group of people, and the food was excellent.
Take one simple glass, and metamorphosis into a faux mercury glass candle.
for a woman who held her son as he died in her arms, whose husband left her not even a month after their sons death, whose family wouldnt let her move in with them and had to move in with complete strangers and start over with no one and nothing
I have become catlike in my aversion to being physically unsettled. Or have I always been? I have increasingly rejected the traps and trappings of the maturing organism. But gathering the comforts of home around me—that’s something else entirely.
How do you remember? Feel free to share in the comments.
‘I am afraid of finding it,’ said Flambeau.
And the black beast of the beetles' pews
“I mean he has a good job. Guess a hundred grand a year isn’t good enough for him.” She said in a snarky voice.
Documentary Feature: Undefeated
He named her Elsie, and barely had time to hand her over to me before I took off down the road. I grew up on bikes, and my Grandpa is an avid biker....still at 87 years old. He has never driven a car, and his bikes are everything to him.
I live 30 minutes away from the beach and that’s where we spent our Labour Day. Maputo beach is NOT known for its beauty, most of Mozambique’s pristine beaches are found further north of Maputo City or on its islands.
It's a well-researched book with plenty to offer tea enthusiasts from several angles, from history to travelogue. "By the time the Chinese realized that Fortune had stolen an inestimable treasure from them," she concludes, "it was many years too late to remediate their loss. His theft helped spread tea to a wider world at lower prices. He democratized a luxury, and the world has been enjoying it ever since."
When the cake was finally done, I was seriously giddy. It was my dream birthday cake. A ton of Hello Kitty, her cute little bow on top, and served on top of my brand new Rosanna rococo noir cake stand! Wheeeee!
Prudent it was, too, as it kept her blood
With the help of Rumble the Bison and The Oklahoma City Thunder, The Salvation Army Central Oklahoma Area Command officially opened the 2010 Angel Tree this morning.
One of my guilty pleasures is taking about 15-20 minutes each Friday to read Bill Simmons’ column on ESPN.com. Written from the perspective of someone who is a passionate fan, a sports addict, and a recreational gambler, Simmons’ column jumbles together sports, cultural touchstones, mildly puerile comedy, and anecdotes from his personal life in a way that I generally find amusing.
As my girls have gotten older we have “grown” in word count as well. I still encourage the girls to recite poems to me and put as much passion into the poem as they can. But we have graduated to chapter books. We’ve read a ton of Geronimo Stilton and Thea Stilton books….I’m not a fan of mice, and I’m not a fan of the cheesy mice language ha ha but the pictures are good.
1. As you show God’s love. Want to know what God wants? Look for the loving response. Divine love goes beyond feeling or wishful intent, but in action. God’s direction is revealed when we show God’s love.
I like to add an optional glaze of lemon juice and granulated sugar as a personal preference. It also helps to keep the nuts on the cake. I just use about a quarter cup of golden caster sugar and the juice of half a lemon, which I pour over the cake as soon as I take it out of the oven.
I shared this earlier today at my grandmother’s funeral service:
1. L-2044, Araneta vs. Dinglasan; L-2756, Araneta vs. Angeles. The President has presently no power to regulate rents, because his power to do so is granted by Commonwealth Acts Nos. 600 and 620 which have lapsed. Under Commonwealth Act No. 671 he has no power to regulate rents.
It has been too long.
The pain started back in July 2010, started as a pulled nerve on the left side of my back. So I addressed it by seeing a really sweet friend of mine who massages backs for a living, her name is Suzi and she is the best for massages. So she located a deep muscle pull in my back which she couldn't reach though I always felt great after being with her and she knows I am a woman.
loud is not the word
Anyhow, what I’m saying is that possibly Bogart’s air of controlled menace was enhanced by his facial disability (I mean, the lip, I don’t mean his homely face, although that obviously helped too). There’s something more powerful about a character who exerts intimidation without seeming to try. It has to be inherent.
Leaving aside the problem of distinguishing between love and sex or politics and war, what is ‘searing’ doing in that first sentence? It’s the kind of vapid qualifier you hear on the news or in celebrity interviews….how does a poem sear? What does it sear? If it’s the reader, why would you want to read something that did that to you unless you were a paid up member of the masochists union. Why does ‘Honest’ need an adjective and why “unflinchingly”. How do you tell if a poem flinches or it's honest?
Going their is just a breeze from our hotel, we walked going to Savemore and rode a jeepney – then when the driver said we need to go down, we did, rode a tricycle and boom Welcome to Paradizoo… (actually we just guessed our way going there so I can’t really explain what we did Ü )
Geek notes that LMAMS, when launched, will acquire its target in less than twenty seconds. LMAMS vehicles fly 100 meters above the target, and can circle for up to thirty minutes if there is not a clear shot.
I was first introduced to the idea of a "Life Wheel" by my life coach Beth Griffith (She's wonderful!). When you become her client she has you do an assessment of your satisfaction in these areas of your life:
I fear her abandoning me again. Of turning her back on me while the wolves devour my soul. Of leaving me to my own defenses to make my way through a dark and threatening childhood. And sometimes that fear makes me angry. Spiteful. Mean. Petty.
It was Thursday. Jack wanted to talk of work. I pushed the topic of dd and he pushed back. He keeps telling me he just doesn't understand but I'm not sure I believe that. I asked him
Celluloid Heroes by The Kinks
No jokes about their ambitions, though- the festival fills up a big chunk of the park (much to the annoyance of local Christian People's Party representatives who do not believe much in joy this side of death). I have to admit that my initial enthusiasm was soon replaced by skepticism when I saw the beer list- how can you promote craft beers in Norway when our two most excellent craft breweries, Nøgne Ø and Haandbryggeriet, are not even there with a small tasting?
The difference is, when it comes to marketing, Apple keeps coming up with amazing successes while Pepsi keeps getting tangled up in its underwear.
“Frankie played House music, disco, soul, Jazz, “white bread” disco, gospel, club track versions of Top 40 hits and, (as we used to say), something for our Latin brothers and sisters too! He never treated the audience like they were musically inept as many so-called “consultants” have since they became the vogue in programming in the early 1990s. That, my friend, is the beauty of the Frankie Crocker syndrome, the fact that he was courageous enough to pick music from the “gut” – an all-inclusive philosophy that I developed partly by listening, student-style, to every show he performed as much as possible. I cannot count the times that I have thought-up a song, or said to myself, “Gee, I haven’t heard that jam in a long time” and during his reign, magically ‘BLS would suddenly play that very tune! That was hellified programming, and another reason why I wanted to follow in his footsteps! Looking back, it seems like yesterday but sadly, my dream was tarnished along the way because I did not count on having to sift through all of the insecure and messed-up people who were in positions of power…
Challenges remain
the width of the verruca was equally revealed to be somewhat alarming engendering the fear that the entire toe to which it belonged might be eaten through by the fibrous consuming warty mass
Since I've been making it for so long, I've tinkered with it a bit over the years. I topped this batch with a combination of brown sugar and quick oats (1/4 cup and 1/3 cup respectively), to give the loaf an extra bit of crunch and sweetness. (Another nice option is 1/4 cup of flour, 1/4 cup of brown sugar, 1 tablespoon of quick oats, and 2 tablespoons of butter rubbed together - this creates more of a crumble topping).
Wednesday, January 18
You. Are. The. Job. Professional distance is a biggie. Just as you can expect French friends to take longer to warm up to you, your colleagues may not give you the welcome you expect from day one. In France, people probably won't ask you how your kids are, wait, in fact, most don’t give a rat's ass if you have a family and probably prefer you not mention it.
4 DAYS TO GO
NATURE WALK
After that I felt perfectly fine.
House Finch 6
That evening I had to go to work. I asked Vladi to keep an eye on Mr Puss and to leave him in the kitchen before going out. Vladi said that Mr Puss was behaving very strangely that evening and wouldn't come to him and hid under the sofa in what appeared to be a frightened state but Vladi didn't think anything of it. When I came home that evening, the house was so quiet that I didn't think Mr Puss was in the house as usually he would run to greet me and lie on the floor to get a belly rub. I left the door open and as I turned round I saw the tail end of Mr Puss belting out the door. I thought he was after a mouse. I left the door half ajar for him but he didn't return that night. The following day we noticed the food bowl empty and we thought he had returned to eat but that he was still in a huff with us over the flea liquid being put on him. We didn't see him all day yesterday. Last night we went to bed upset and worried. I had a restless night...images of where Mr Puss might be were coming to me and when I got up this morning I went to the neighbour's garden and in one of Mr Puss's favourite spots I found him lying there dead....rigormortis had set in. I broke down and cried like a baby. We are both devastated. I totally blame myself for allowing that liquid to be put on him. He was only 3 years old....we rescued him from a drunken previous owner who did not treat him well. I love/loved Mr Puss so....I have literally been rolling myself in the garden with heart-ache. I BLAME myself so....why oh why did I listen to Antonio....I feel as if I killed him dead myself......he loved life, he just plain loved us to the absolute hilt...we had such a laugh with him. Now that he is gone all the laughter is gone...I feel empty, alone and guilty.
1 brushed
I first grew the Virginia creeper against the house itself.But I wanted the room to be pleasant to be in, and not sweltering hot in summer.
He walked in the same formation each time, starting up the southern side of the carpark. In the far corner there was a silver vehicle all by itself, its owner walking over to meet it. The person got closer to the car, and then seemed to move very fast at the driver door entry. After about ten seconds or so, the person suddenly shifted over to the front passenger door on the opposite side of the car. He thought they must be having trouble with their keys. He wasn't that far away now, but he didn't want to ask if they needed help. He hoped they wouldn't ask him, so he could continue on his rounds.
She stormed downstairs demanding to know where I ‘hid her pads.’ After listening to her rant and rave for five minutes, I yelled back—-which my husband said I have to stop doing. He said I need to ‘talk to my kids in a respectful manner.’ Then , as he says our children would not give us parents a bad attitude, and yell at us.
If the show was supposed to be a look inside the horrible walls of ad firms that refer to themselves as being ‘like a family’ but behave like any other corporation then there might be something worth watching here, but that’s not what this show is. This is a reality competition and while the show itself works well enough – it’s somewhat compelling and it manages to create suspense out of an otherwise completely unsuspenseful situation – but the show is populated with so many irritating people that it doesn’t matter how watchable a show is when it’s this unlikeable.
I checked the time, I had 1 hour and 30 minutes before the bus leaves the station. I knew it was a long way but if I ran towards the statue I could just make it. The photo above was the taken from the location I had decided to run for it. I forgot to mention, at the time i was carrying a small over the shoulder bag with my netbook inside. Making the run slightly more difficult.
As Kevin left the Pre-Op room, I was wheeled down to the Operating Room. Once I got in the Operating Room, I was surprised to see such a large team of doctors and nurses. There were 8 people in the room when I got in there. The Anesthesiologist came in and told me he was ready to put me to sleep. The next thing I remember is the nurse holding the oxygen over my face and telling me to take deep breaths. That’s when I fell asleep.
What the law says
In his short career he has wrestled in six countries total including Austria Canada, England, Germany ,Japan and of course throughout the United States.
Install Squid3.
A collection of 150 psalms, whose Hebrew name is “The Book of Praise.” Authors of individual psalms include David, Solomon, Moses, Asaph, and others who are anonymous. The variety and unity of Psalms have given this book a unique place in the devotional life of the individual and the Church. Almost every aspect of man’s relation to God is depicted in these poems: simple trust, the sense of sin, appeal to a higher power in time of trouble, and the conviction that the world is in the hands of a loving God.
Telephone : 0114 242 0716
self-awareness, I ask those that I may have
-(5) winners will be invited to a private webinar + query, synopsis + 5 page critique with superagent Natalie Fischer
You may never have heard of Jeff Adachi. After all, how many people can name the Public Defender, whether in a large city or small town? But Adachi has worked hard to rectify that, both in his own San Francisco—where he is the elected P.D., the only one in California—or here in Arizona, where he visited in the past week.
Right choices = Right results
Much love, Branden
I will post this now and then post the follow up (originally written two days later) to ‘The Evil of an Enforced Silence’, which I posted earlier today. I should warn any new readers that they might find the timeline of these postings confusing unless they know what’s going on, and they’ll be able to figure that out by reading ‘An Open Letter and an Apology’, which explains matters.
Leonard Pike (1887-1959), "Going to the Circus" (c. 1940s)
2) I come from a very blended family. I have 5 full-blood siblings, 1 half sibling, 2 step siblings, 1 adopted sibling, and 1 deceased baby sibling.
Inside the house, she sat
Assault on Black Reach dreadnought, captain, tactical squad and terminator squad
PS 58 Schoolyard, Carroll at Smith
Holder complied by confirming that “the power of the courts to review the constitutionality of legislation is beyond dispute” while insisting his bosses comments were “fully consistent” with that principle.
06-Strange Notes
“The world is too much with us; late and soon,
In a civilized country she’d have waited less than an hour at a clinic or physician’s office and been properly treated for approximately $200. That $200 is part of Feinstein’s scary story, part of the phantom $1.7 trillion because after all, the government just spent it to help the child. Feinstein doesn’t mention the $1,200 saved by having a rational system in place instead. Nor is this ever mentioned by the insurance or pharmaceutical companies, the AMA, or any of the other powerful lobbies feeding inaccuracies and perverted statistics to the mainstream media. Nor is it mentioned by CNN or Fox, MSNBC, etc., etc. Meanwhile what passes for U.S. health care takes up one-sixth of our gross domestic product while our health statistics are beneath those of Morocco.
almost time to switch trains.. and there are 2 full minutes to get out of this train and get into the next meters walking straight to the left…
What prompted me to write this book is that I feel there has to be a simple secret to success. I am also looking for a pathway to people who lived before me. Some have found it, some are still searching… I know as I am into something exciting and challenging because of what we are and why we are here on the planet called earth.
22. Spoiled - 1964
Why? First I think partly it is because I have now become comfortable with what is going on. I have surrendered it to the Lord. I am okay at the place He has had me in. It is a place that I am so often forced to return too with no prior warning.
Sounds easy?? Well for me its not!
And the deer! He's so cute!
Around the first part of December, Vanessa and Owen got to write a letter to Santa Claus. Vanessa was so excited to be able to write the letter all by herself and tell Santa that she wants a Disney Princess Dress Up Book. She did such a good job! Owen liked to scribble and draw on his letter so Vanessa and I got to help him write what he wants which is a Dinosaur book and Land Before Time DVD.
Recommended for Fans Of...: Stories about being new in school, or even new in town, which there seem to be plenty of right now in graphic novel format, happily: Friends With Boys by Faith Erin Hicks is a good one (reviewed here), as is Americus by MK Reed (reviewed here) and any of Hope Larson's books. Also, stories with artist characters like The Plain Janes by Cecil Castellucci (reviewed here).
We also enjoyed gluten free carrot cupcakes. I haven't made carrot cake since we moved down here - damn, this stuff is seriously out-of-this-world amazingly good. Whew!
Contest entries will be accepted from now until 5 pm pacific time Tuesday, May 8th.
In 1995, I met Seth H. Moseley while working on a cable documentary about the Lindbergh Baby Kidnapping. I interviewed the legendary newspaperman about 1932, when he was a twenty-three year old cub reporter driving out to Hopewell, New Jersey right after the Lindbergh baby had been kidnapped. Because Seth had gone to Amherst College with Dwight Morrow, Anne Morrow-Lindbergh’s brother, his editor at The New York Journal thought Seth had an inside advantage over the 150 reporters on the scene. The editor was right and Seth obtained an exclusive interview with Charles A. Lindbergh hours after the world-famous aviator’s infant son was abducted. Seth Moseley had scooped the story of the twentieth century. But as I got to know and became friends with the intrepid former Associated Press reporter, I discovered Lindbergh was by no means Seth’s last exclusive.
Williams and Jackson were convicted of attacking a woman outside a Dallas bar in November 1983 and sentenced to life in prison. The woman was forced into a vehicle at gunpoint, sexually assaulted, shot and left for dead in a field.
Another aspect of a news feature is the opportunity to present the writer’s opinion. While this is dependent on the type of news feature and the type of readership, the news feature offers the writer a chance to subtly voice his or her opinion in relation to the topic. As the news feature includes more additional research and a larger picture, it is more ethical for the writer to include their opinion. Using the ‘Massacre in Kandahar’ by Jon Lee Anderson as an example again, he subtly looks at the attitudes of soldiers, suggesting a changing psychological view of killing. He finishes off his story: “War has a way of making all kinds of killings possible.” While the piece is not overflowing with personal opinion similar to an opinion column, writers can put their own view-point within their writing. Obviously you would need to check with your editor first.
Don’t forget to include a link to your card on the Paper Pretties Blog, so everyone can see it too. You don’t have to use Paper Pretties stamps to play, but of course if you have them we would love to see you use them. One random participant will receive a Paper Pretties Stamps set … see the Paper Pretties Blog for more details.
First, a little background: I am Canadian. The first half of my childhood was spend on a farm, of sorts. Rural. In the bush. Gumboots and plaid, before plaid was cool. That kind of thing. My family were loggers and our neighbours were ranchers. This being said, I am very familiar with the general culture of both:
Oh yeah, and one more thing: Don’t make me share a desk with Edwin on second shift.
My favourite tracks are “Sliver”, “Where Did You Sleep Last Night”, “Rape me”, “Lithium”, “Dumb” and “Come as you are”.
I'd noticed it hadn't been updated for a few days, which was very unusual.
4. Everyone looks about forty pounds heavier with all the puffer coats, big boots, hats, and gloves. No, it’s not a good thing but it’s warm and sensible and what choice do we have? At least boots are fashionable these days….
No, no, you can’t sit down,
... noted the weather again, not because I'm a complete weather geek (although that is partially true), but because Trey Andrew will wake up tomorrow morning and ask me if he has to wear a jacket to the bus stop. I like to be confident in my demands, especially to the boy who swears he never needs a jacket.
And as I go through my life, I will give to her, my wife
I hope the Aborigines forgive her because of her nationality. French artists are often driven by grandiose conceptions which turn out, on closer examination, to be utter bollocks. Back in my circus days, I witnessed no end of silly pranks from giddy young women who were desperate to get my attention. But I bore it all stoically because they meant well. The female whose heart is in the right place should be treated indulgently.
You never do, do you?
MUST-HEARS: Ahahaha. This is a joke, right?
Today is Manic Monday, with "formula" as the theme word.
There is no specific deadline for the monument construction to begin, but Roosevelt Island Operating Corp. Chief Executive Officer Steve Shane said "the end of the line is out there."
I taught myself how to read and write the Greek alphabet, and I read everything I could about ancient and medieval cultures. I wanted to know it all.
This is one figure I was really looking forward to, I mean darn she's so cute, and I just love the anime.
The good news was that we could hop the autobus to Walmart for $1. (More good news is that we arrived alive; it was touch and go for a while there: Cancun bus drivers will really get your adrenalin going.
so I am here to welcome you to another round with the Calendar Girls!
SACP Secretary-General Blade Nzimande said the party was dissatisfied with the manner in which the alliance has been working.
A self spoken, self taken role as a mind mover
The approaching car (which was actually a truck) had its turn signal on and was slowing down.
Number one…why are we here today??
Any how,Our Prime Minister disobey court order….this is not important(for Government)The important and interesting part of the story is,the Supreme court of Pakistan gave punishment to Our Prime Minister……The punishment was over after…….
Summary: This book is a secret diary of a boy aged thirteen and three quarters up until he is fifteen talking about every day life
When I wrote my pitch paragraph, I remember that I didn’t have Gail’s original query handy. She resent it to me later so that I could have it on file. Since time was of the essence for the submission, I went ahead and created my paragraph from scratch.
it is three in the morning – monday – and i am still alive. i haven’t slept much in the past week, but you wouldn’t know that now. i’ve also been drinking quite a bit. also, something you would have no idea i have been doing.
I leave you with a picture of the snow remnants in our back garden!
Inside the Garden.
Christian follower of Christ, seeking light and understanding, reads and understands, helps others, gives to God, lives in the life of Jesus, walks the straight and narrow as appointed in laws and scriptures, loves, prays, preaches, believes, praises, and waits.
September 10 – October 23, 2004
We started out as eclectic homeschoolers. My mother bought a few different programs & books from different companies, and encouraged both my sister and I to use them. But even in those early days, she was pretty relaxed, and when we didn’t want to do something, when it wasn’t working for us, it was generally fine with her if we stopped doing it. The only thing that was ever really an issue was math, because for a while, my mother still felt that math had to be “taught”. I think we became true unschoolers when we realized that there really were no “exceptions” to the concept: through simply living, following your passions and interests and curiosity, you really can (and do) learn all that you need to know, including math.
(4) Landlords will be entitled to defend attempts to change rents if they can demonstrate rents being based on costs incurred on the premises, though a defence will not be available based on existing bank loans.
I have been playing Poker now for quite awhile - well only five years but during those five years I have played maybe a million games or more and have played for 12 to 16 hours a day 7 days a week, either single table up to a max of playing four tables at once.
C.G. Jung tells us that our shadow is the person we would rather not be. Marianne Williamson says, “We feel if we take a deep look at ourselves, we’ll be too exposed. We don’t want to look at our own shadow, because we’re afraid of what we might see. But the only thing we should actually fear is not looking at it, for our denial of the shadow is exactly what fuels it.”
Something about immigration
For transmission, the Passat 2012 allows a choice of five-speed manual or six-speed automatic for the 2.5L model. TDI is standard on the six-speed manual. TDIs and optional on the 3.6L version is standard on the six-speed DSG direct-shift gearbox VW. It performs automated tasks, but using a lighter weight of internal self-shifting manual transmission. Both the conventional and the DSG automatic transmission a user-pay type of control gear via the shift lever their floor, although 3.6L model adds steering-wheel paddle shifters.
But what are we really dealing with here?
More info:
- 6x6 cm ‘Buroni’ format (Bronica - 120 in Japan) for a 56 x 56 mm exposure.
All songs and male vocals are by Martin Cockerham, who writes very hummable tunes with biting lyrics. Some collectors fondly label it a "lost classic", since many people did re-discover it. Widely regarded today as one of the classics of British acid folk.
Kicking up the paper,
Well, over beside the pool - and at the risk of appearing to be an old lecherous coot, which I may well be - it was the discovery of young women in thongs. That's right, thongs. I'd seen pictures before but I've never seen them in their natural habitat. Hey, I've led a sheltered life. What can I say?
The title is "Birds Depressed by the Long Decay", which is based on Morris Graves' painting "Birds Depressed by the Length of the Winter of 1944".
Hello lovely readers
Buuuuuuuuut, like what that quote from American History X says:
President Mbeki meanwhile prefers to refer to everybody with a paler skin than his own with the racist nomer of "whites" - which he often uses as an insult during parliamentary debates.
Pattern requires Hooks H (5mm) and F(3.75 mm) and worsted weight yarn. Hook F is only for the flower. I used Red Heart Super Saver, Loops and Threads Impeccable and Vanna's choice worsted weight yarn. It is written in standard American terms and includes 4 sizes: 0-3, 3-6, 6-9 and 9-12 months. Stitches used are single crochet, slip stitch and half double crochet.
Liv Ullmann was already a well known actress, because of the films she had made with Ingmar Bergman starting with 1966’s Persona. Strangely enough, she got her first nomination for a Swedish film, but not under Ingmar Bergman’s direction. Even with her popularity in the States, it was still unusual for a foreign actress to get into Oscar’s line-up. On her side she had a Golden Globe win for this performance, and also from the New York Film Critics Circle; The Emigrants itself was surprisingly a Best Picture nominee. All these helped secure the nomination.
Or, more succinctly: Islam is a Western liberal’s dream religion.
CONSERVATIVE: scone
Now, as I sit here with my third salad, It's time for show and tell. My digital camera wouldn't flash, so the pictures came out YELLOW. I tried everything, then I remembered my scanner. A piece of scrapbook paper makes a shabby background.
“Here,” continues the first, “read this Bible, it is the inspired word of God! It tells the truth about his purpose for us and the laws by which we should live if we are to honour him. Praise Jesus!”
I understand now why people get so impassioned watching American Idol. The judges are infuriatingly inept. The producers have an exceedingly low expectation of their viewer’s intelligence. And contestants are more repetitious than professional athletes in their analysis of their performance. What I don’t understand is why people are impassioned in a positive way towards these shows. My brief foray into reality television may be at an end.
BTW, Michael Kohn Gallery, you might want to check what year you're living in before you print up posters. I mean really.
Its got really exciting here in the Abbey this week! I'm sure I cant be alone in thinking that the build up to Christmas, particularly the week before is almost as exciting as the day itself?!?
Pete- a normal aged person; considered crazy by the whole population of the valley where he has been staying for times immemorial and so, he has been considered crazy since then. No one knew why it was so. Because one can’t see anything unusual in him- he was completely lucid and normal. There was only one trait of him that bugged people His reply to each and every agonized person that he met. And that reply was- BE silent and hug me.
I now believe affirmations are about reminding us to shift our negative focus to a more positive one. They are not magic and are best approached without force or expectation. Let them remind you of the truth that is sometimes hidden by inner negative filters. I tell my clients to keep them simple, at least 50% believable, and always word them in the present tense.
It was a nice warm. sunny day to be outdoors doing something strenuous. Furthermore, I drove the reengined Bronce and it preformed great.
Saying that internet is the future of entertainment, popular Bollywood singer Sonu Nigam has entered into a partnership with media and software company Cinsay to bring the star closer to his fans and consumers in the United States.
I went to a somewhat idyllic primary school with small class sizes, where everyone just seemed to get along. Yes, we were all young, but that doesn't change the fact that bullying can happen at any given age. In my class, there were boys who were sporty, and boys who were more nerdy. There were girls who were tomboys, and girls who were girly. I belonged to the latter group, though was surprisingly invited to birthday parties of girls in the former group. There was teasing going on, but the kids seemed to know when they were overstepping the mark. I was happy there - to the point that I complained being at home whenever I was sick. These days, I know that my happiness was all due to the work of our class teacher. She had the ability to bring everyone together, to discipline us kids with words when we needed to, as well as being a source of solace in times when we needed support. You know a teacher was good when even decades later, you think of her with fondness. She was one of those.
Yes, when I read The Graveyard book I thought that some bits were a bit like Coraline although I have only seen the film and also I thought the beginning was also like Anthony Horowitz’s “Horowitz Horror.”
It makes me think of Legend more than anything and Legend makes me think of Mia Sara, who, for just a minute there, had very high Geek Babe status. Seriously, her first two movies EVER were Legend and Ferris Bueller’s Day Off. Ever. How could her career ever live up to that start? Well, okay, Legend isn’t exactly an all-timer, but can you say you were in a Ridley Scott movie right at the start of your acting career? And then followed it up with a movie that stars Charlie Sheen and pre-nose job Jennifer Grey?
And then some quotes that struck me...
That so sad and heavy now is
A couple of days ago, I was checking a dancing activity where the kids are supposed to jump up, turn around and clap. It is true that a lot of Japanese people have trouble distinguishing between L and R. Do you see what I’m getting at? Yep, there it was, in big letters across the top of the page:
True Christianity gives women freedom to become all that they were created to be, whether they CHOOSE to be a stay at home mom, or CHOOSE to be a CEO. or anything in between.
Throwing colours on the wall, in all the myriad hues of day!
TNA Senior Executive in Talent Relations, Al Snow is headed to the ring, with Alex.
fresh peaches
So I am in two minds on the matter. I believe Obama may well be hiding something, but it may not be that he was born outside America.
The deal? It's the high season for pomegranates, and always the season for macaroons.
a canoe. He asked, “Need a lift?”
1. My children playing together without fighting.
Meanwhile, I have already had a trauma this morning and have already turned the air a scarlet shade of blue. My pc reminds me of the first black and white television my parents owned, which had to be turned on at least half an hour in advance of any programme we wanted to watch; as a child I recall staring at a horizontal black line going down a snowy screen, over and over, before a picture would appear. So frustrating when waiting for the Woodentops.
I used K & Co ‘Hop Scotch’ papers which are brill for boys cards, really fantastic colours that work so well with each other.
Is Gillan yearning for edgier roles? Compared to Doctors, companions can have short shelf-lives – there have even been hints that Amy Pond is to be killed off, as a mid-series cliffhanger. She says she would like to do theatre, either contemporary 'or something really bizarre like Eugène Ionesco’.
Last November I wrote this when our illustrious Home Secretary, Theresa May, was under pressure to resign following a complete mess up within the Border Agency. She managed to survive that one. Whether or not she deserves to survive the Abu Qatada fiasco is another question.
It's not just us, blessing the girls, but they are blessing us as well.
12-Eliminators - The Lonely Sea
3 continue
This audiobook was purchased by the reviewer’s husband.
“Adam Pierończyk is among the very finest of the Polish jazz scene. He is successful like few others in combining instrumental virtuosity, precision, and intellectual refinement with an emotionality that borders on exhibitionism. He burns in his improvisations, and the listener burns with him.”
The first half or so of this cassette appears to be a cry for help, but I don’t mean this in the sense that anyone or anything needs help. The abstract sounds created by the sub-bass recorder, e-bass, and a mish-mash of indistinguishable electronic trinkets appear to emerge from a deserted electro-acoustic island of sorts. The clicks, bumps, loops, drones, human voices, and bass tones, all underscored for the first ten minutes by a constant state of electronic panic, never seem to reach any grounding or final destination. The first half, in sum, is an uncertain and sparse call composed of choppy SOS signals (sometimes human, sometimes not, but always nature-culture). The first part of the latter half (“half” here is defined simply by time; the piece itself has no obvious starts or stops, never mind halves, quarters, etc.), however, sees these sounds reaching the mainland for the first time, a dark, somewhat hopeful, ambient land/soundscape where the panic subsides, even if temporarily, before a sense of uncertainty takes over again around the 25-minute mark, or around the time when a human joins us again for a few seconds, only to disappear rather unsettlingly.
When I first started drawing I read everything I could about how things were built and put together (especially the human body). When I went to life drawing I worked hard to draw everything so it was "put together right".
Place one sheet of dough on the bottom of the pan, and brush butter on it. Repeat 8 times or so, brushing butter on each sheet of dough:
1 cup reduced-fat sour cream
The image was coloured with Promarkers and Flexmarkers. I drew the large flowers on first then coloured in around them. I used a fine nib to doodle the smaller flowers and add definition to the larger ones. I then added lots of gems and glitter domes to make it really sparkle.
Eyelash curler
I was recently thinking about having some of my artwork printed onto greetings cards - ordered a sample set from Moo to see what the quality was like then decided to do the deed!!!
Across the country today,thousands of 10 and 11 year old children will be sitting hunched over exam papers. And they will continue to hunch for the rest of this week - 4 English papers, 3 Maths and 2 Science.
You: But like, it's so cold out?
The subdued, desolate ballad 'And So Is Love' features Eric
Okay, it’s a bad joke but it’s still funny, dammit!
If you have word verification on your blog, please consider switching to comment moderation instead. It makes our visits sooo much easier!!! Thanks so much!
04 I've Told Every Little Star 4:40
this goes on for almost five minutes
It was really something. The man has such an amazing presence, he's so inspired and purely good and smart and happy. And he's a big ol' goofball.
Perceptions are all about how we view things, how we interweave our memories from past experiences, what we have been told and learned from others and therefore judge ourselves and others. Simply speaking it is where it all begins.
Although, as Yorkshiremen would say, “Newt’s all mouth and no trousers”, meaning he’s bombast without substance.
I love travelling because of many reasons, when am travelling at night i get ample time to think just about anything and when travelling during the day, i will look for that book i have really wanted to read for quite sometime and didnt have time.
Here he is in March’s GQ Korea.
"Yes, but..."
Phil Hughes (3-4, 6.55 ERA) will take the hill for the Bombers in Game Two, the righty is slated to take on Kevin Slowey (0-0, 4.91 ERA) game time is scheduled for 8:10 p.m.
Here's a finished sandwich from that nice summer day I wish I was back inside of:
Part One of our anthology will attempt to explore how a new generation experiences these age old challenges, affording a chance to assess how far we have really come. Part Two of our anthology asks disabled young people to identify what our struggle looks like now.
I suppose I’m beholden to discuss The Boss’ new tune in this space, but I have only listened to it once or twice. The jury is still out, as far as I’m concerned. It’s not a bad song, it just seems a little heavy handed. While not as big a Springsteen fan as most of you that read the Five, I still felt the absence of Clarence at the close where his solo clearly should have been.
Some of them will return to their faiths as they age, “but there’s not a lot of evidence that most will come back,” added Cox, who said the trend away from organized religion dates back to the early 1990s.
I then file gently the top portion of the paper in a few spots with the grey distress file to give the ink a resting place!!
My daughter is taking an Equine Science class in High School. The ES teacher had brought a trailer in with several bales of hay to set up a hay maze, along with 4 horses for 'pony rides' and a few other smaller animals for the petting zoo. The class was to set up the hay maze on Friday. Some of the kids were wearing shorts, skirts, sandals, flip flops, etc. because their classes aren't exactly 'hands on' and the weather has still been pretty darn HOT!
More vacay pics for your Monday!
Estrada the Carpetbagger?
I hold a good head of steam everywhere I'm seen
What we are now seeing is a lot of “Dumb husband…smart wife” commercials and ads. This isn’t good. It’s the normal way of our society shifting past equality and norms, and instead going to the other extreme.
At times I've found it difficult to find a reason to create anything; life has been continually bumpy with health issues. At the end of 2007 the only resolution that made a bit of sense to me and encourages me to continue creating was to become involved in art challenges. The impetus for my resolution was Vessel #1 that I created for a fiber challenge yahoo group last November. I had no idea at that time that I was also choosing my "true colors" for a fabric paper quilt that I entered in Quilting Arts True Colors Challenge. Blue is said to be a calming color which is reason enough for me to be drawn to all shades of it. Toss in a little ochre, rust, sepia, soft yellow or a dash of red iron oxide and I'm happy. The patina of rust has always fascinated me to the degree that I now rust metal objects in order to make mono prints or rust dye fabric.
VERY GOOD! Well done. There’s nothing better than a good dose of Tina Turner when the Internet dies, wherever in the world you happen to be. Anyway, today we’re going to talk about leben! EW!
Sister Disco
If you have ever researched composting you have likely seen the rule that says you should not put seeds in your compost bin. I was always so proud of myself for composting in the first place that I never took that rule too seriously. As it turns out, there is a reason for the rule. If seeds get mixed into that lovely, fertile compost, guess what happens? Well, sometimes they grow into a massive vine.
The word “credited” is a banking term. It referred to monies that were transferred or credited to your account. What was credited to Abraham because of his faith in the promises? How is our faith to be like Abraham’s? What gets credited to those who believe in the death and resurrection of Jesus?
Isn’t the point of all these puns to make people laugh? It’s FUN to be clever and witty and whatnot, and I think that occasionally you cross some lines for the sake of a joke.
Well let’s look at the Clive Davis and her staff. Why would Whitney be advised to come to Hollywood the entire week leading up to the Grammy’s? She wasn’t the type of person who could control herself, so God help the people who were trying to control her. Her own brother-in-law/bodyguard spoke during her funeral of his concern with how mad she would be if he entered her hotel room, even though he knew something wasn’t right. Only to soon find her lifeless body.
and desire, not bullied into submission
For some reason, my mind keeps remembering that day when my math teacher accused me of cheating on the math test. I was 11, we had geometry and I had, uncharacteristically, studied for the test. I aced it. The only A in the class. It was definitely unbelievable, even to me. Looking back over the years of barely scraping by with Cs, I can now see how the teacher had to accuse me of cheating. Except I didn't. And it kinda broke my heart.
cow make a scene
“Joanne, get to your safe place”
Vincent Price’s unfaithful Shelby Carpenter did have Laura, and despite Lydecker’s attempts, it appeared Laura was going to marry Carpenter before her murder. Laura had competition from cougar Ann Treadwell (Judith Anderson), who made her rivalry for Carpenter blatantly, publicly clear. Laura’s murder paves the way for Treadwell to go after Carpenter, the number one suspect in Laura’s murder.
Walk forward to a High Push Up Plank position – You should be on your tippy toes!
Besides being a target of relocation, Whitehorse was the target of another well-funded US government program.
- Danny Pongo! How're you doin old pal? - exclaimed Ju-Ju Brush.
Do you remember how the EPA said it was safe for New Yorkers to return to the area around Ground Zero, despite the obvious hazard to respiration from asbestos dust? The government’s action around the BP oil geyser is equally negligent and harmful to humans. My friend Kyle noted recently that if radiation had caused these deformities, there’d be a lot more outrage. Given the media silence on radioactive seawater spreading out from Japan, I’m not so sure.
I opened the package of butter and it smelled fresh and delicious, almost like a foodie perfume. I knew exactly what I was going to bake with my free butter-- Maple Pecan Shortbread. I originally saw it on Every Last Cookie and thought it was a gorgeous cookie and I wanted to eat them. I also wanted to make them for a special friend of mine, Debby from A Feast For The Eyes. I made these as a thank you gift for showing me around town in San Francisco at the Foodbuzz Fest last month. Thanks Debby!
‘There’s a man who worked hard for us all
stampjourney said...
Being able to communicate with the wider public directly is vital, after all what is the point to anything we do if either nobody knows about it, or if those who report it lie?.
My poor father and mother work super hard to put me through school and send me overseas even when I say “Mom and Dad, its expensive and I am not the gifted child, I should study local.”
susceptible to strong emotion; emotional: an intense person.
– No, I didn’t mean the clowns themselves,
The law of sin and death
They were among the cheapest option there (yes, I am a cheap b*st*rd) and also were warm and I figured I would use the fried potato as a taste test standard for the rest of the menu.
there today…but beautiful, nonetheless! Georgina is truly a place for all
My cousin and I spent some time at the ArchDiocese in La Crosse, and I would have to say it was not what I was expecting. We did find a lot of information, but 99% of it, was in Latin.
See? Won't the future be great?! We won't even MISS that there's no flying cars yet because, really, who will notice?!
“Things” collectively compose the entire backstage of my life, the place I can draw the curtain on the world if I wish, the soft place to land when everything is so wearisome, resting my head on a sateen clothed, white, fluffy pillow, drawing my quilt up to my chin – soft and safe from it all – or resting my head in my dog’s fur, my dog who will stand there as long as you want her to just loving you, are comforting, word defying experiences. I still miss Amie so. I probably always will. And you have just viewed a picture of, as friend Jon put it, “the most human dog he has ever known.”
So after that great workout, I stuck to the plan for my food all day, and went out dancing with one of my friends that night. I LOVE to dance, it's such a good de-stresser for me, and it's an awesome workout for my abs and legs, 'cause I do some great stuff with my hips. I did have one mixed drink while I was out, but I do not feel bad about that at all because I spent a good two hours dancing, so I'm quite sure I worked those calories off. Here's a picture of my food for that day. The oatmeal for breakfast was really good. It was just plain oatmeal (not from a packet), but with some slivered almonds and a scoop of chocolate whey protein powder added to it. Chocolate oatmeal--yum! My lunch and dinner were also really delicious and really filling. If you want to know exactly what was in the salad or fajita or anything, just leave a comment about it.
style is unique and unprecedented, and, as is the way with
Here in 1st Class Room 9, we love experimenting and learning about different things in our environment. On Friday 27th April, we planted some cress and basil seeds that one of our classmates brought into school that day. The seeds had come with smoothie cartons and so were held inside small cardboard circles. This cardboard is biodegradable- that means that it will break down, or decompose.
And lastly....
pitiful fools
2) This is a new beginning. A scary one, but new nonetheless.
During my pregnancy, some of my old tomboy insecurities resurfaced because the damn things were getting bigger again. D-cup sized breasts were the things of most men’s dreams, but my own personal nightmares. I had visions of turning into my middle school chorus teacher – a woman who used her enormous chest as a writing desk whenever she wrote out a hall pass. While it would be handy to never be at a loss for something to lean on should I need to jot down a quick note, the thought of having classroom furniture jutting out from my chest scared the hell out of me. How was I going to nurse an infant with breasts bigger than she was?
Consolation
“Not before tomorrow or the day after tomorrow, between 8am and 6pm.”
Now you need to have a knife, towel, and hot water next to you for this. Take the knife and put it into the hot water for a second, then dry it with the towel. Carefully score the top layer only (chocolate layer). With each score you make, you must warm the knife in the water, then wipe it clean. It is important to do this so that when you cut into the bar, the middle layer of cream doesn’t smoosh out and mess up the whole bar. Trust me, it works great!
And blindly follow those traditions
Congratulations to you, Hilde. We are very glad that you got to play along with us. To claim your prize (two digis from Sassy Cheryl's shop), just email Sassy Cheryl, our fearless leader. She will get you all set for a shopping visit to her store. Happy coloring.... we look forward to seeing you in our upcoming challenges.
Here they are after two coats! (please disregard the paper towels under them...we couldn't wait to see how they were going to look on the console table but I was worried they weren't 100% dry. Oh, and the plastic that is still on the lampshades; we hadn't gotten to taking that off yet...oops. The lampshades are from Target, but are not listed online.)
This is a semi dry preparation. If you want a gravy version, add more water or coconut milk.
Field Greens
I say this underestimates both craft brewing and the American beer drinker. In fact, if you paraphrase Crouch's piece and substitute "microbrews" for "session beers," it reads almost exactly like it was written by a smug mainstream brewer in 1992: micros get lots of press but they don't actually sell; ales aren't American and they're heavy so most Americans won't like them; they cost more than anyone's going to pay; the whole idea's too complicated because we really just want to drink a beer; it's too much work for a bar to carry or a bartender to answer questions about so it won't work.
Heckler: What’s it about?
Therefore, because my preferred response to being afraid is to step into the fear and embrace it no matter the outcome, I'm gonna throw my essay out here in its raw form for the entire world to see. Alea iacta est.
Here I get an APA or IPA out of an English Pale Ale. I dry hop it with 1/2 ounce of Summit. Any of the orange profile is from those hops. This is my second batch to use up the other 1/2 ounce of Summit and because the first batch tasted so good.
i tried to fantasize about life. a life outside the dark bedroom that was becoming more and more like a goddamn crypt.
The Geej: When can I go visit my old (Montessori) school and (her favorite teacher) Miss Kim?
Sophie: Water & Darcy
You looked at me
Here's how this works:
I look forward to you at the end of a long day or a hard week. I know you will be there for me. I combine you and a warm bath with candlelight and music and water with cucumber slices. If people have let me down or been rude or mean. You will be there. Comfort me. I’ll have fun with you. I’ll feel good with you. Guaranteed.
The shiny object in question was likely a fist-sized batch of crack cocaine wrapped in aluminum foil, according to a final report released Thursday. And Marin was justified in using lethal force, Miami-Dade prosecutors concluded in the first detailed account of the first of seven controversial fatal shootings in seven months in Miami.
From: Obama's Midnight' Deal Will Stretch Afghan War to 2024
From October 10-12 some of the best stampers are joining together to support and encourage our friend and fellow stamper, Katie Renz, who is currently battling inoperable gastric cancer. Katie is also dear facebook-game friend of mine, and I want all of you to know her struggles, as she really needs friends and support now more than ever before.
He continued caning me between the scolding. When he started up again, I almost freaked, thinking he would aim high again. "You aimed really high that one time, you know." I whimpered.
The Sixers have become one of the most well rounded teams in the league. They can do a little bit of everything well and Doug Collins has them believing that they can beat anyone in the league. When this season is all said and done, expect to hear Collins name pop up quite a bit for coach of the year barring a catastrophic meltdown on the Sixers part which I do not expect. The Sixers have done a great job since their horrible start of avoiding long losing streaks.
I want something more. I love to have experiences in my life. I live my life with passion in everything I do.
As far as I have understood, for every post you can get up to 2 points and every point is worth one cent. I can easily make quality 200 points per day, which means I can earn 10-20 dollars per day by posting on public forums, how cool is that?
04. Bay of Islands - Blackfish / 5:19
Nausea: It's been a wierd few days, and after the car panic, and some other stuff that is going on, I am a bit on edge. Julia and Heather got some gorgeous steaks for dinner, for a nice evening of grilling and chatting, and I was really looking forward to it. Then Bookhart came over and surprised me, which was WONDERFUL. I was feeling ready to chow down. But....Julia put that steak in front of me, and I could not even look at it. It was a gorgeous New York Strip, an inch and a half thick and cooked to perfection, and for some reason the smell of it made me want to hurl. I only ever avoid food when I am stressed, and for me to avoid steak? There is something seriously up. It was horrible. Nothing in the world could make me take a bite of the meat. I had to put it in the other room. It was the wierdest thing. That steak is still in the fridge, and it's calling out to me saying "EAT ME! Eat meeeee!!!" and I just can't. What is up with that?
2007: Mary is accused of being a sexual predator and loses her job. She faces 3 years in State Prison. Johnny undergoes 5 years of therapy. Johnny’s parents sue the school for negligence and the teacher for emotional trauma and win both cases. Mary, jobless and indebted, commits suicide by jumping off of a tall building. When she lands, she hits a car and also damages a potted pot. The car’s owner and the plant’s owner sue Mary’s estate for destruction of property. They both win.
For I am involved in mankind.
Creations. I've authored regular features and three year long series of published articles, "What's Your Style?"and "Scrapping with the Stars" (astrology and scrapping). More recently, "Reality Bites" (scrapping about real life issues).
(When you get used to doing this, you can insert a blog button in a matter of seconds!)
Either that, or can some brewery with a very high 'cool factor' such as Meantime please redress the balance by making proper, adult-sized beer bottles fashionable again.
Rich, brooding nose with an underlying creaminess and a little touch of exotic and aromatic fruit.
The uses for barbecue sauce are endless. How do you use your barbecue sauce?
So, while he may have had a reasonable excuse, it doesn’t change the fact that he and his family continued to lack what they needed because he couldn’t see anything but his past loss. We have no excuse. We aren’t dealing with some unknown and unknowable foreign personality. God has demonstrated his desire and willingness to be known throughout history. We have His promises in the Bible of His loving care for us, and we have the record of His fulfillment in the Bible also. Any of us who have lived for Him also have our own experience in which we see God’s care if we can look beyond our past disappointments.
“Fine,” I fold my arms in thought. “I’ll just make due. Come, you shall assist me.”
Maybe our loved ones, the ones who have already passed, are gathered around our little fledglings, urging them on with ghostly coos and besotted smiles.
Peter Alexander Bielfeld, 44, New York, N.Y.
I debated about posting these because I suppose picture posts are not overly interesting, but a friend of mine often sends me instagrams of where he lives and I love it. I love seeing different parts of the world and country! I hope you enjoy it as well.
once you've turned your dough
You can also use the cookie cuter to create different shapes!!
some third world country who has fallen out of favor with the groups
In my very first week of blogging, I posted that "work has been underway for six months now and several rooms are nearing completion". In retrospect, that comment lay somewhere between highly optimistic and slightly delusional. Eighteen months on, and with a greatly enhanced awareness of the realities of renovating, we are (finally) ready for our first Chambers Before & After (sincere thanks for your patience lovely readers!).
Film photographs for me are snapshots of daily life, friends, feet, trying-to-finish-36-exposures shots, light leaks and a crazy lot of double exposures because I love them. You have to carefully compose your shot and be quick about it, and with that you get one snap. That one snap you treasure all the more.
Hostile climates didn’t stop me
No, this is not a tale about my secret life as a gnome, living on a dusty shelf of an old cupboard .. hmmm … perhaps that might be an interesting idea to explore… but that’s for another time, and that is just the problem.
Just then I hit another bump in the road, and the voice shouted out, "Hey!" in an accusatory manner. I recognized Shrek's tinny voice that time and grinned to myself. At the next bump the plastic McDonald's toy protested again, "Hey!" My amusement grew, but it wasn't until I crossed the railroad tracks and Shrek lost his temper shouting, "Alright! Cut it out!" that I couldn't keep my giggles to myself.
cute lil bunnies
Video white balance modes: automatic, sunny, cloudy, incandescent, fluorescent
The thing is that artists are extremely courageous in facing their own ‘self’. At that very moment of giving birth to an art piece they lack both fear of failure and fear of enormous abilities of human mind to connect with the unknown. So basically in some people the urge to make art overcomes any kind of fear by putting a trust upon oneself. Unfortunately, this feeling most of the people cannot control so they call it Inspiration.
“Not that I’m not gonna go to the games this year. There is way too much cardinal and gold nutritious stuff coursing through my veins, carrying salt and oxygen and electrolytes and whatever it is fans crave, to ever turn my back on the program now. But how much of of that real loyalty is the result of the past nine years? How much of it is tied up with the highs from 2003 to 2005? How much of it is based on the crest of those years and its attendant belief that all this was deserved for the years of mediocrity suffered through, that any fan worth his salt weathers the storm, sticks by his team and collects the schedule poster no matter what?
“Now they want the additional benefit of the network being wiretap-friendly,” he added. “We’re saying that simply goes too far.”
The work is going on in the inner organic functions.
The consequences of this catastrophe continue today, with thousands of disabled survivors suffering from the "Chernobyl syndrome" of radiation-related illnesses, and the urgent need to replace the hastily-constructed and now crumbling sarcophagus over the still-contaminated reactor. As this remarkable film makes clear, THE BATTLE OF CHERNOBYL is far from over.
However, these days I rarely get up early enough during the work week to eat a “real” breakfast. Most of the time, my day starts off with some yogurt, a piece of fruit or something from the vending machine if anything at all. So, when trying to come up with something to make for dinner one night, TGF and I decided to do breakfast for dinner.
But no. The frogs this year are better than ever, a couple of them as big as pigeons, their offspring clustering sweetly around them. There are so many that even Bisou, whose passion is to bump every single one back into the pond with her nose, has been known to miss a couple.
1/2 to 3/4 c leftover barbecue pork, rib meat, or brisket (cut into small pieces)
NEVER, NEVER, NEVER, NEVER give up. (Winston Churchill)
Just a quick post this one, because this wasn’t really a planned walk, just an afternoon wander at the seaside that led me to a really interesting site, ideal for those (like me) fascinated by dereliction.
* “Run for the Roses”- Roses, petals all over your body* ”Born to Run”…wear baby bonnets, diapers… I really like this one..lol
Let it.
P.S. Look at all that beautiful heavy black!!!
we'll start filling the jar again.' He always let me drop
Man’s desire and babe’s desire, I’ll twine them in, I’ll put in life,
What it comes down to for me is all-embracing amusement and replayability. What acceptable is a fifty hour bold if a lot of of it is the aloft old affair for thirty of them? If there's annihilation larboard to do afterwards I'm accomplished added than epitomize from the start, the advance had bigger be abbreviate and memorable. One hundred hours of gameplay? If it doesn't accept a non-linear or aberration story, I'm not interested, because I'll apparently overlook what's happened afore I'm center through it anyway.
Nor have I any other employment:
The soft murmur of other readers, explaining in vain why this book.
Reuters had an interesting article about the undertow that is dragging new home owners underwater if they borrowed with low down payment loans guaranteed by the FHA.
And notice in the above photo that Miss Weißbierknigge is not shaking your pint just to get a bigger tip. She's demonstrating how to get the yeast out of the bottom of the bottle, because it makes a big difference in the taste and if you do it right, your head will look like this:
To simplify things, a root was created to streamline the treat of connections- bluetooth.
It’s where locals from Barcelona come to be tourisits. He said he’s been maybe four times and we had mentioned he was going, all of his friends were extremely jealous. However I could easily figure out why this place was nestled deep in Catalan hearts with only one visit under my belt.
"Brown Sugar" by The Rolling Stones
In the same week, a friend who has donated grass clippings for 10 years shared a letter received from the RDN, threatening legal action if he continues to bring grass clippings to Compassion Farm.
Unlimited: (5GBP – approx 7.50AUD) Unlimited gets rid of the adverts and adds a radio option as well as giving you the option to use it abroad.
My Thanksgiving:
The key to the crunchy crisp skin is this secret ingredients...corn starch. What a valuable lesson I have learned from the Living Magazine! This is such a simple roast chicken that anyone can prepare. All you need to do is to wash and clean the whole chicken (believe it or not, this is a task that I took a while to pick up the courage to do!), pat it real dry, inside out, and rub some butter all over the skin, including under the skin. Butter will help the chicken to brown evenly. The next thing is to rub a combination of salt, pepper and corn starch all over the chicken, including the cavity and of course under the skin to add flavour to the meat. I like to add in some dried mixed herbs as I love the smell of the herbs when the chicken is roasting. It is perfectly all right to leave it out or you could do with some fresh rosemary (finely chopped). I don't truss the chicken as I don't know how to do it, plus, I think it is not an absolute must. The last step is to place it in a roasting pan (preferably one that comes with a rack, to encourage even browning) and leave it to the oven to the finish the job as it is not necessary to baste the chicken. In about an hour's time, you will be rewarded with a golden crispy chicken, not forgetting the inviting aroma of the roast chicken...I feel so proud for myself as I am very certain my neighbours could smell it and would probably think their neighbour must be a good cook!
Ticked off.
Living in the country: being a parent: going to the cinema. It's possible to combine any two of these activities but not, I've found, all three. Since my son was born in 2002 I've barely been to the pictures at all, except to take him to see the occasional Pixar movie. But last night he was staying with one of his friends, so Sarah and I ventured down to the Barn cinema at Dartington to watch Monsters, an ambitious low-budget sci-fi road movie by the young British director Gareth Edwards. (In my day, young British directors only did cheesy mockney gangster flicks, so whatever you think of his film you have to admit that ambitious sci-fi road movies are a step in the right direction.)
YM insists I'll be back before the winter...
It was clear from day one that the Anglo-American empire, along with its clients like Qatar, were actively supporting and planning to bring destablization to the country. From the very first days of the civil war in Janurary 2011, before the shell casings had even hit the ground, western envoys and consultants worked with known al-Qaida fighters and criminals in Libya to form a new NTC government, a new central bank and a new state oil holding company. NATO were deployed to give brutal air support to these new gangs of rebel paramilitaries, and for nearly 10 months, both those groups killed, tortured, raped and looted everything in their path.
My dad and hubby got to work putting together this super huge and super awesome umbrella we bought for the pool deck. Along with our new chaise lounges, this may become my permanent “spot” all spring and summer long! Check out my dad and hubby testing it out.
Apparently Caffrey's is redefining smooth by having their beer for sale in.....
And after all the excitement of Elmo, i ahd the somewhat more adult excitement of being finally able to put Flynns new " big boy " room together! The garage-to-bedroom/playroom conversion was completed by the carpet layers while we were at the Elmo show, so when we got home i got busy moving him in. Aside from a lunch and a dinner break, i literally spent 7 hrs yesterday builing flatpack furniture, setting it up, and moving all the toys and books from loungeroom and old bedroom to the new one. I have to say by 8:30pm last night was completely and utterly exhausted - methinks this pregnant lady took on too much for one day! - but it was well worth to be able to put him to sleep in his cool new room and snuggle down into my own bed to watch " Revenge " in peace!
still going to add other stuff to it...
I will even show you how to DIY, as I plan to post demonstration videos on our website, taking you through step-by-step how to achieve bakery-quality results. This is all in keeping with my larger vision of providing access for all to delicious, healthy food.
Pessimism of the intellect is how an intelligent person colors their glasses: they see the world as it is. As studies that depressives are more likely to think critically and be self-honest, optimists live longer. False hopes keeps many people alive, literally. Yet the turn of the gleeful pessimism who makes these faults not seem like faults seems like the most perverse dialectical move: Indeed, it brings the hope to the strange place. Your negative traits aren’t negative and you are fool for seeing them as such is the the implicit ideological impulse in the gap. This move is the inverted Diogenes: the man who bites himself so his friends can ignore their wounds.
Night one, we peeled and shredded the tubors to make patties,, mixing in some egg, chives and a little flour, and fried them in the pan. served with some sour cream and sweet chilly sauce, the flavor had a pleasant earthy taste. the kids ate what they were given, and no overt signs of bloating seemed to follow.
Have a nice day.
Luckily there are many wonderful bloggers out there who were keeping up with their blogs and offering fantastic resources so that I could be able to put together some fun lessons for my students. I have especially enjoyed all the gingerbread ideas floating around out there in blogland. I have always taught using the different gingerbread stories but now I have math stations and write the room stations and word work to go with it. THANKS!
I'll say no more just yet - I've only just signed the letter of appointment. But I'll keep you informed!
Iceland ranks: Tied for 1st (0.50)
“The drive of the Rockefellers and their allies is to create a one-world government combining super capitalism and Communism under the same tent, all under their control…. Do I mean conspiracy? Yes I do. I am convinced there is such a plot, international in scope, generations old in planning, and incredibly evil in intent.”- Congressman Larry P. McDonald, 1976, killed in the Korean Airlines 747 that was shot down by the Soviets
Even sized sweet potatoes.
It was about 3pm when an excited Shankar arrived at the station. The station ‘office’ was little bigger than a wardrobe. The ‘platform’ was just a barb wired area. Behind the office room was his ‘quarter’, a little bit bigger. After dropping him off, the train left for Kisumu.
Lopez is scheduled to be executed by lethal injection next Wednesday at the state prison in Florence in what would be the fourth execution in Arizona this year.
unbelievable to some. Try it, get a dog, love it, experience
Why do chimpanzees throw poop? The federal government would like to know and is using your tax dollars to investigate the matter. Every single year, we all send huge amounts of our hard-earned money to the federal government. We hope that they will spend that money wisely. Unfortunately, that is simply not the case. You are about to read some examples of how the government is wasting your money that are absolutely mind blowing. Anyone that claims that there is not a lot of waste that can be cut out of the federal budget is lying to you. Our politicians have racked up the biggest pile of debt in the history of the world and they are spending our money on some of the stupidest things imaginable. It is imperative that the American people be educated about all of this outrageous government waste, because right now the political will to change this corrupt system is simply not there among the current crop of politicians in Washington. We are stealing trillions of dollars from future generations and many of the things that our politicians are wasting that money on are almost too bizarre to believe......
Regular readers of this blog may recall that I have previously written about the Rothschilds, an international banking family whose wealth is said to be measured in the trillions of dollars. Intrigued by what I had discovered about this powerful dynasty, I investigated further and discovered that Lord Victor Rothschild was thought to be the unidentified fifth member of the Cambridge Spy known by the KGB as the 'magnificent five'.
James:
ok, yes, you can remind me about all of this when i start complaining about the renewal of the patriot act! but no matter what, it still nothing like living in deepestdarkestafrica!
Hat Leaf:
“In that box.”
Ten meters from the water’s edge...
Consider this a match against two boxers, but for design geeks.
I managed to stay up for all of three hours before going back to bed for a 4 hour nap.
Indeed, compliance with the certification against forum shopping is separate from, and independent of, the avoidance of forum shopping itself. Thus, there is a difference in the treatment – in terms of imposable sanctions – between failure to comply with the certification requirement and violation of the prohibition against forum shopping. The former is merely a cause for the dismissal, without prejudice, of the complaint or initiatory pleading, while the latter is a ground for summary dismissal thereof and constitutes direct contempt.
I, however, am a true scarf wearing amateur.
The milk stout (5.2% ABV), Ben says, was Turtle Stone's first batch as a licensed brewery and comes from his recipe file built up from over a decade of homebrewing. It was done in a smaller batch because he was still getting a feel for the pilot system. He plans to take a couple of sixtels of the milk stout to the AC beer fest, but more of the two other brews.
Rescue those being led away to death; hold back those staggering toward slaughter. Proverbs 24:11
Stinging nettle is also loaded with vitamins and minerals. You just pick off the tops anytime before they get more than a foot tall. We have lots of them growing here. Make sure you were gloves though. Once the nettle is cooked it loses it sting. This I just boil in salt water and use like spinach in quiches or whatever hot dish I make. If I am making soup I just add it in fresh if I have it fresh. I also save the water that I boil it in and use it in tea.
he set my staggering heart aflame
Wish you could spend some time wandering through the art galleries in NYC? Let me be your guide. I have recently been reviewing a number of the art exhibitions from the new season on NearSay and will continue to do so for the next few weeks. This new website covers the daily happenings in NYC and is written by locals for New Yorkers, visitors, and the just plain curious. Click here to see my posts and to sign up for daily newsletters.
I also ordered online some coconut oil - 2 tubs from amazon = $41.00
In a bowl toss the cheeses with the flour and reserve the mixture. In a large heavy saucepan cook the onion with the butter over low heat, stirring, until it is softened and clear (do not burn), add the beer, the can of Rotel, and the peppers (jalapeño), and simmer the mixture for 5 minutes. Add the reserved cheese mixture by 1/2 cupfuls to the beer mixture, stirring after each addition until the cheeses are melted, serve the dip with the chips.
So, and now where is the update for the Christmas challenge? Do you still want to know it? I thought, by telling you, what a great weekend I had, you would forget about the challenge update. (ahm...) Ok, I will be honest with you and tell you, that I gained two pounds in this past week, mainly on the weekend. But this time I don't regret it. I won't get that Dairy Queen Ice Cream for the next YEARS! (yeah, maybe at least 1 year...). So, I had to make the most out of this opportunity. :-) hahaha
MORAN, C. J., concurring:
Katie is a little taken aback when Aunt Lucy tells her the truth of her potential powers but she puts them to good use in the search for the person who really killed nasty old Mavis Templeton; you just know Uncle Ben is innocent! Mavis's abrasive personality has ticked off more than just a few people in town. It takes a few sleuthing forays to finally ferret out the truth but Katie is persistent and it pays off. Of course, she has a little help from her aunt and new witchy friends.
I love your cuddles,
Having grown Tom Thumb (orange) and Milkmaid (creamy white) nasturtiums last year (some of which are already creeping back again), I was very taken with the variety in the photo above called Blue Pepe; the colour combo of blue/purple/green leaves is a favourite and will be jazzed up with bright red flowers in due course. When I can, I love to grow veg that are one step removed from what's expected and these will do nicely! Entirely edible, too - I'm planning some fabulously stylish salads this year!
How fun it is that certain things can be hinted at, if the listener can catch the subtleties. Can you think of any other words or parts of speech that change only slightly but definitely alter meaning?
In a large skillet or pot, heat Earth Balance and olive oil and add garlic & sausage. Cook, stirring occasionally over medium-low heat until sausage has browned. Add pea tendrils and broth, salt & pepper. When pea tendrils have wilted, add white wine. Cook for a couple more minutes, adding more broth or pasta cooking water if necessary so the sauce isn't dry. Toss with cooked pasta.
Angry Aeroplanes – The Millipede Engine (chosen by Piley)
Let’s do a post actually connected to the blog’s subtitle. Ethics in deterministic world. I’m getting close to a paradox with this one. But bear with me. It’s not a place to argue about: existance of transcedent values, free will or God. So suppose there are none of these in our universe. It’s a blind end of philosophy, a path of reason that leads to a place not particulary pleasant. Nihilism, determinism, atheism. Three words of horror. I want to pose a question here. What can you do when you found these three snakes creeping in your bedroom (and I’m sorry for such a disgusting metaphore).
So, the data format was modified in late 2009 to this:
We cannot win if the most dishonest media since Hitler and Stalin has anything to do with it. They hate us and they will treat us dishonestly because the very core of their beings are dishonest.
I'll admit, I can get sucked into TV shows really easily - whether it be reality, dramas, or competitive shows, when I start watching a TV show, I just can't stop. That being said, I'm officially addicted to NBC's newest reality show - Fashion Star. It's sort of like an updated, new, and fresh take on Project Runway.
This meme started when an anonymous person on a popular image site posted a picture of the character Halo from the popular Halo games, saying the following in a caption:
The flea is kinda like Vegas in that respect... I only carry the amount I'm willing to spend. If I have a lot of money on hand, I'll most likely spend it. But if you find the perfect high-ticket item and you need more cash, vendors will usually hold the item until you get the cash you need.
Blancmange Don’t tell me UK
With leading Hollywood directors and Washington political figures leading the way, America is quickly returning to the paganism that shrouded the world in spiritual darkness for millennia. May God help us heed the warning of the apostle Paul, found in Holy Scripture, who warned that the worship of nature in ancient times was the result of turning from the worship of the one true God who created nature in the first place:
Buy Nifty Fut below 5365 with placing targets of Rs. 5396-5415 and keeping a stoploss of Rs. 5347.
Hello possums,
We went out to a Mongolian grill place last night with Zach's family and YUM. I'm still full. You can pile like 5 bowls full of all the goodness you want, and then they grill it all up for you with their special sauces, and you leave incredibly fat and happy. I'm pretty sure it's heaven.
I promise never to qualify my behaviour by saying that I am doing something ‘ironically’. It is the most obnoxious, condescending and douchey thing you can say – especially when you’re talking about someone elses’ art. Don’t like something? Just say it wasn’t for you, or that it got on your nerves, then move on.
Shirley Scott: Hammond B-3 great Shirley Scott (1934-2002) often played with John Coltrane in the 1950s but rose to fame as part of Eddie “Lockjaw” Davis’s group. Her long string of Impulse albums included these two, among her best, alternating her trio with a big band arranged by Oliver Nelson.
Plain yellow colored Burberry Prorsum Graphic Matelassé heritage trench coat with intricate weave and contrasting textures in strong nylon and silk. This has heritage curv and tapered raglan sleeves.
MOG lets you play through the Roku at the $4.99 subscription price, but Rdio requires the $9.99 sub. But when you think you get nearly all new music for $9.99 a month, that’s a fantastic deal.
Place each cracker carefully on a baking sheet. Bake at 425 degrees Fahrenheit for about 12-15 minutes.
Several senior CDU Merkel allies, including Wolfgang Bosbach, a former champion of European integration, are expected to vote against the EFSF expansion proposal in the Bundestag later today. And lenders to ClubMed are rock-solid in their unwillingness to take debt write-offs above 21%. Both these eventualities were predicted in the Slog’s post yesterday, which used leaks from an anonymous German banking source. The source’s confidence in the passage of the EFSF legislation also seems to be justified.
16. Slip stitch to center of chain, chain 4, treble crochet in space, chain 2, 2 treble crochet in same place to form cluster, *chain 2, in next space 2 treble crochet chain 2 2 treble crochet,* around, join to top of beginning chain 4.
crashing of the worship
Following Wise Men (working title)
Goodreads description:
First, as the city’s congressman for all but two of the last 20 years, he has compiled an impressive record on issues relating to civil rights and civil liberties for all Americans, refusing to tolerate a system in which people are treated differently because of their race, class, or gender.
Lisa: Our Lake Tahoe vacation was when I knew he was the one. We stayed up late while everybody slept, just talking in front of a fire pit. We have had long talks before, but this one was different. I really got to see the sweet hearted person I was so eager to get to know. What really touched my heart was how he was such a gentleman, a great listener and cultured. Great qualities in a man! J
This month's colour challenge is Orange - Pink and Aqua.
That afternoon after school found me in my father’s office at the palace. I burst into his office without knocking and then flopped down on a chair. Interrupting a conversation between him and his top economic advisor, I complained, “Why do I have to study two foreign languages? I have a friend who lives on a farm, and he doesn’t need to learn any.”
Hope you all are surrounded with friends and family, and have a merry Christmas! Make sure to eat your candy (and share it too)! ;)
They add a bit more sparkle
Apply with sponge brushes your Distress inks. The ink does rub off, so I did take my ink pad and "rubbed" it in areas where it was going to need the most amount of coverage. If you missed places with the mod podge and you have areas where tissue is exposed and the ink hits, it will become darker and more noticeable compared to other areas on the shoe where its just "hinted" of color.
Byron McMackin - Drums
Boom! The clouds collide
Arduino community has done great thing in creating OneWire-library, but it partly lacks some documentation, and the use of SignBit was not implemented in the example code what came with OneWire library. The SignBit tells if the measured value is negative or not. This was
Divorce is a common occurrence and half of the people who stay together are just going through the motions anyway.
- Whah thah than? - Asks Party Time.
2- Reduce the oven temperature to 300F and line a baking sheet with parchment paper.
Have you got much planned for Easter? :)
In each episode, the host will explore four homes looking for great design ideas and highlighting the value-added elements within each space. From interior design to the lifestyle and culture of the area, the homeowners will give viewers a first hand look of what it’s like to live overseas. This will be one of the most artistically shot programs on the network so don’t wait to be a part of this amazing opportunity!
The next way to flirt is with your body language. There are three elements to this, smile, stance and stare. If you will notice, the young lady to my left is constantly doing these three things. But there is a good way and a bad way to do this. Yeah, okay. With smiling, it’s just you have like strong teeth and a good way to do it is like kind of a little smile. And then you gotta have a strong stance like you’re holding your ground. You’re not like swaying all over the place. And then stare, like we don’t totally mean stare, we mean eye contact like two to four seconds and then look away. Even if you don’t have confidence, you’ll fake it with those three things.
By: George R.R. Martin
Last night Felecia and I rinsed out our growler and walked to Laurelwood in hopes of trying their Fresh Hopped Kolsch. I read recently, on a blog that now alludes me, that guys at Laurelwood drove south in the Willamette valley and picked up a truckload of fresh hops which they rushed back to the brewery to transform into beer that very same day. This little story is very exciting for me, and I longed to enjoy the exploits of their hops odyssey.
Personal Opinion
He looked away and stuttered his reply.
The acting in the film is universally corny, but it comes with the territory. I didn't sign up for this expecting brilliance. There are some dramatic scenes, still though, that will have you gritting your teeth.
628 days
Brilliant. Utterly brilliant. Everyone embraced me and made me feel so comfortable. I wasn’t present for the table read, or any of the rehearsals – that was the original actor – so it must have been amazingly stressful for Hanna and Billie not knowing who they were acting opposite until the cameras started rolling. But they were very lovely and generous in what was an unusual situation.
And that’s just unschooling. If you’ve also made other different and radical choices in how you live, if your views on many other things are very different from the dominant culture, it gets even worse.
I thought to share with you today a sneek peek of these photoshoot days and took a few pictures myself. The pictures are of course not of equal quality as those taken by the photographers for the magazine Habitania.
Hints / Tips
Well we finally have the time to close out our blog. The internet wasn't working the last two nights in Almaty so we never got to update anything. Then getting home with two boys that didn't speak English gave us no time for anything. We finally have a moment for a breather and want to close out our blog. Here's a recap of the final days and an update on how we are doing.
Our little girlie turned 16 in July! That morning we drove in to the DMV so she could take her road test and get her driver's license. After an initial setback: they wouldn't let her finish the test once it was discovered that my emergency break didn't work-WHO KNEW?!?-luckily another woman offered to let Dylan use her car. We sat on standby for 2 hours. Poor kid SO wanted to get that license on her birthday! We watched kid after kid come in from their tests in tears-the Anchorage testers are known for being VERY tough! She did great, though! Came back all smiles!
This bee preserved in amber is identical to present-day honeybees. These, with the same mechanisms they have possessed for millions of years, continue living in the same social structure. No “survival of the fittest” of the kind claimed by evolutionists is ever to be seen in beehives. On the contrary, bees behave with the highest levels of altruism and co-operation, in a beehive hierarchy consisting of the queen, workers and males (or drones).
Spending the time to repair the walls was well worth it, however, because as soon as the first coat of paint went up, I could see the improvement.
In the meantime, though: some catching up from last weekend.
Then, and here is something I was quite pleasantly surprised by, they informed me they are also using orange peel and coriander in the beer and apparently, according to ABInBev's press office, I'm the only person to know this at the moment because I'm the only person who's asked! How depressing is that?!
Be sure to visit Galen at G-Man, Mr. Know It All, if you have written a Friday Flash 55 story that you would like to share. Have a T-riffic weekend. B-good. Donnetta
Way back around Christmastime, my friend Shara gave me the ultimate vegan cookbook. It combines two of my favorite things: food and booze. But ever since, I've been so behind with reviewing cookbooks for the blog that I haven't had much time to cook from books that I wasn't sent for review purposes.
1. An organized house. Oh, to have not let the laundry pile up for days. I was planning on my (procrastinated) laundry day being the day after the storms hit. Crap.
Is Public Failure worth the fortune and fame?
Anyways quick summary of Light: pretty boy (I’m pretty sure he spends more time on his hair than I spend on mine though admittedly that’s not saying much), genius (and he knows it), arrogant (though he deserves to be… somewhat), and super into dancing. That last part is actually due to me; I dragged him to a dance event at the end of our sophomore year. He got hooked and is now a waaaaaay better dancer than me. I’ve known Light since my freshman year; he essentially lived in our suite (being the boyfriend of one of my suitemates) and we stayed friends the rest of college (some semesters we hung out more than others but yeah).
2. Slayed Shelach the Spider, took her tablet… Check!
Like me, there are lakhs of Kannadigas who may want to watch a Disney character speaking in Kannada, or a Discovery, Animal Planet program on Amazon forests being aired in Kannada, or watching Avatar 3D in Kannada. Why am I being denied my rightful access to all these in a language of my choice?
For five week, Nineteen of us traveling from cities to villages, even islands. We met hundreds of people from all ages. In train stations, red light districts, parks, English camp and even Burger King… I’m blessed be in Germany to hear and see the rich christianity history, also is a joy to see many souls found salvation and youths desired to serve God. I’m inspired by a generation that is rising up in Germany. I had a great experience teaching Fitness and Martial Arts to the German youths for two weeks in a English Camp. One time I even get to teach a group of free-runners different exercise on a train.
“When one of my old Labour Party acquaintances expressed anxiety over Islamic terrorism, I asked him why he had always been so keen on getting as many immigrants here as possible. He told me that he had been ‘trying to make the revolution’. So, while it had not been possible to storm Buckingham Palace and set up Soviets in Westminster, you could still change the population and supplant the hated ‘other’.”
We didn't get the best prints, though we did discover that poster paint works better than acrylic, as acrylic paint dries too fast, and it's hard to get the paper folded in time, making for incomplete pictures...
In Plymouth fair I chanced to stray
Bake 8 to 10 minutes or until light golden brown. Cool 1 minute on cookie sheets; remove to wire rack. Cool completely. Store tightly covered.
PICO NEIGHBORHOOD — Santa Monica’s Woodlawn Cemetery has made the move from final resting place to the only place that a bereft family has to go after the loss of a loved one in an attempt to improve its service and its bottom line.
9So Reuben and Gad and the half-tribe of Manasseh went back, parting from the children of Israel at Shiloh in the land of Canaan, to go to the land of Gilead, to the land of their heritage which had been given to them by the Lord’s order to Moses.
I'll have a sneak of weasels
As the singer of the song reflects, he'd trade all his tomorrows for a single yesterday, holding Bobby's body close to his. Some might reflect that it serves him right for hitching up with a girl who is clearly unhappy simply to accept the name "Roberta", and instead feels the need for shortness and informality so popular in these troubled times. But others will recognise that feeling. As a singer of the same era remarked, you don't know what you've got till it's gone. Best to enjoy paradise before they put up a parking lot - grab the rosebud while it's there - and make the most of hugging Ms McGee before she heads off looking for the home you'll hope she'll find.
Zuma and other senior ANC officials are trying to prevent a mass exodus of the cabinet, which could trigger early elections. The country had not been expected to go to the polls until April or May of next year.
However! Lyle knows I like a good session beer, so he sent news: We now have Spotsylvania Scottish 70 on tap at 4.0% ABV. This beer is a malty sweet beer, with a mild balancing Styrian Goldings bitterness, yet light in body and ultimately drinkable. There's also Chancellor Pale Ale (4.6% ABV) an American style Pale Ale with Cascade, Centennial, Simcoe and Amarillo hops.
Bert smiled tentatively. “Come now, Nathaniel. Why do you say that?”
23. The Ivory Pipe - All-Story Weekly 3 parts Sep 20, 27, Oct 4
things that felt right as opposed to doing things so they'd
On their walk to record their sermon, however, the researchers planted a “victim” slumped in a doorway. With his head down he would cough twice and groan.
9:45pm: Read
AGEN BOLA - Manchester Derby next May 1 is touted as the hottest two teams clash in history. The problem is, the duel could be the key to determining the 2011-12 Premier League champions.
Okay. Deep breaths.
Arriving on Bondi Beach, pear-shaped, lily-white and clutching a bottle of factor 30, she has two options: 1/ Hide out in the Irish pubs or 2/ Get with the programme. Join Emily as she falls for Sam, the hot barista, and meets her nemesis in Kiki, the Japanese surf siren. Bondified, and bent on perfection, will Emily be saved from the surgeon's scalpel? Can she win Miss Bondi, and does love mean reading between the tan lines? Find out this summer!"
How often do we show children that we are wrong? Do you admit to not knowing everything? Do you apologize for wrong doings and misunderstandings? Do you argue and try to fix things in front of your children?
20-something: Life is great, I’m young, beautiful and the future is just ahead of me. Who am I going to be?
“You cannot rehabilitate the hoodie,” Rivera insisted. “I understand that the reaction might be overzealous or even irrational in some extent. You are not going to rehabilitate the hoodie. Stop wearing it!”
02:21AM. 0221. 221. Two twenty one. Two two one. Two to one.
I guess what I am trying to say is simply this: If I had had the chance to meet and know the "future me" when I was 15, I would have been surprised, impressed, and really fucking relieved.
Different web sites work in a different way, although the majority of sites follow exactly the same pattern. Usually, the customer must register with the actual daily offers website to get hot deals available. After registering, daily deals will begin arriving within the inbox with details about deals on the daily offer. Since they are limited period deals, it’s important to behave immediately should you spot the deal you want to make the most of.
I could burn the midnight oil and write lots of descriptive words that go with these pictures, but they pretty much tell a story all by themselves. And I happen to think it's a better one than I could come up with...at least in my present state of semi-comatose post-weekend deliriousness. I just need my pillow. So I'll let the pictures do most of the story telling, with just a few hints from me on plot and props.
Both Lee Goldberg and I are using Amazon's CreateSpace to release some of our ebook bestsellers in print, and by Fall all of my ebooks will be available in dead tree versions, priced at $12 for a trade paperback. While I don't see this as being a huge cash cow (I'll still earn more from a $2.99 ebook sale than a $11.99 paperback sale), I find it interesting that the stigma of self-publishing is fading fast.
An old joke has it that a pessimist sees only the holes in Swiss cheese, whereas an optimist sees only the cheese. Perhaps there are also critics who manage to see the cheese above all, and the holes, if holes there are, only in second place. Howard was surely one of those.
I kegged the cluster hopped ale last week. I tasted the hydrometer sample and it was horribly pungent. I did not think I could get the beer past my tongue. A week later it is carbed up and I think the beer is actually good. The pale ale was a single hopped beer with cluster hops and had a lot of late hopping.
Although God is sovereign there is one area where God allows us to be “sovereign”. The Sages of Israel say that everything is in the hands of heaven except the fear of heaven. This means, God decides how much money we have, where we will live, who our parents are – everything in our lives is decided by God. The one thing that is not decided by God is whether or not we will choose to obey God, and draw close to him, or to disobey God, and draw away from him. This is a decision each individual human being makes. This is what is called “free will”.
4 birds
STEP1: Prepping the paper
Here are the finished Makena that I have made. The turquoise one is made without beads, but the others have beads at all of the joins. Speaking of beads, what size crochet hook do you use for 11/0 beads? I'm having trouble with the thread on the chains splitting when I add the bead, but it is the only hook that will fit through the bead. Any ideas?
So have fun!
well little did we know how extremely hard the actual brass portion that fastens to the door is to find. We found tons of knobs, but actual brass pieces = near impossible. My sister in law took me to this huge antique store and after several hours I found two beautiful brass pieces
We have a situation in our family that falls into this category. The area is Chicago. What kind of attorney handles these situations? Any information that you might have or leads you may be able to give us would be greatly appreciated.
Meh...its okay.
Back in the '30s and '40s, the No. 27 was worn by Brooklyn pitcher Dutch Leonard, and then one of the first rookie phenoms, Pete Reiser.
1/2 -3/4 c breadcrumbs
And left with at least the graciousness of returning -
Over the last six months the British National Party has literally been transformed into a mainstream party. The fact is that most people are focussed so much on winning Euro seats that other impressive advances and successes are being overshadowed.
Although at one point, she got out of the car and ran away, Van Wyk persuaded her to get back in by promising to take her home.
Bring on the quiet, spare-time hours I need to lay down some juicy bass parts! I cannot wait.
Well, now I know! I am as much biologically his as I am my (absent from my life) father.
“No,” he replied, smile widening. For a moment I thought he might be actually pleased to be reminded he didn’t have to go to school that morning. Reliving it must somehow double the pleasure to a school going lad.
Isn’t that silly? So many people think that way. It’s like getting a divorce. The problem is you still have a common denominator, and is it you. We take ourselves with us. But Patrick and I felt God was telling us to leave elem3nt and serve somewhere else.
- Bicep curls (10-15)
1/2 oz Lillet Blanc
Go alone / with partner / with friend?
Parson Sound, Box set. Subliminal SoundsThe CD reissue came out last year, but this beautiful box set collecting all of the wild freak-folk on deluxe vinyl was well worth the price and wait.
I guess that wraps up our session. Thanks for being a great shrink.
1095 **D-XI/29/(B)/1990. “Legal Reasoning and Moral Standards: On Aristotle’s Rhetoric.” The School of Law, Wake Forest University, Winton-Salem, North Carolina. (Incorporated in Item C-1992(2), pp. 685-99.)
Recently this desire has been brought to the front of my mind. There is a constant nagging, a continuous reflection, serious thought towards making some actually progress. Last week while I was playing with one of my horses, I was suddenly hit with the fact that I have great stories to tell. This new belief caused me to take action. I researched writing software, then compared the three top prospects and choose the one I felt was simple enough for me.
Offer: 1 mile for every dollar spent, including port charges, government fees, and taxes
week in one shape or other evolved around Marilyn Manson's
Suidicde is a terrible thing, and I hope this lady has found peace at last. At least we can be fairly sure that details fo her life and death won't be dragged out in full view of the public. In France, at least.
Zoinks! - Well and Good (Dr. Strange. Pop punk)
On the eve of the predicted Singularity, the Cosmist collective issues a statement to the Terrans: “Concentrate, and listen carefully. Humanity must continue to evolve. To halt our natural evolution into radical transhumanism would be an insult to the very nature of humanity itself. Furthermore, after the Artilect is integrated into our world economy and politics- as is inevitable- only radically intellectually enhanced transhumans will be able to relate to, understand, and interact with the strong AI infrastructure. Resistance is futile. You can’t stop a rocket by throwing a stick at it.”
Of course, I'd be lying if I told you all your stitches are going to look great from day one. Unfortunately no one is born knowing exactly how to free motion quilt. Everyone goes through a period of very ugly stitches and thread issues.
Much like the shoppers at Christmastime.
greedy bankers/greedy government
My partner Leonie, my friends and family, my band members and performing in my band, my cats, the sound of laughter, the smell of rain and a day off with no housework to do, to relax and maybe read a book (very few and far between those days!!)
The hospital is trapped in a vicious triangle between the Viaduc des Arts and the Opéra Bastille, and finding the entrance is difficult even for those with perfect vision. Cities do their best to get us lost, bombarding us with a quantity of visual stimuli that is too great for our eyes and brains to cope with. Just to advance along a street we need to constantly filter what we see, but this process of filtering means that much of our environment becomes invisible.
in such random patterns on each danish!!!
Before heaven and sky and a rumbling earth
What are we trying to solve:
Here, yet again, we hear echoes of the book of Judges. A neighboring country oppresses the people, the Spirit of God inspires an ordinary dude, and he leads the people to military victory. In this instance, the Israelite town of Jabesh-gilead is under attack from the Ammonites, who threaten to gouge out everybody’s right eyes in seven days. Those guys sound pretty mean.
So I FINALLY got everything sorted out.
One does not need to grill Jacoby’s world renowned Head Coach, Marc Fiore, to know the strategy for this fight. It couldn’t be more obvious. He wants to use his height advantage, and keep Starks at the end of his strikes. If Starks is able to successfully take Jacoby down, Dustin can certainly work off of his back (as proven by his triangle submission win). But, there’s few men in the world who can stand and trade with Dustin when he works at his range. And, there’s a body of evidence to prove that (which most people reading blog have laid witness to in person).
Please forward this video on to your friends and family and ask them to stand up for justice.
Bismark North Dakota – Mayville North Dakota
Joe Biden asks for six months of retraining for ‘Cattle Guards’!
But we are a persistent bunch of folks. We weren't letting a little thing like a cold snap get in our way. Oh no! Jackets were brought out. By those of us smart enough to have them in our cars. (Normally, I keep a spare hoodie in my car for both Erin & myself. She "helped" clean out my car in the early morning & put my hoodie in the house. Interesting how she left hers in the car though.)
To part 2 you could add few drop of mango essence (i added 2 drops of vanilla essence )
We visited the Hirshhorn Museum, where they had amazing interactive art installments such as the neon room above. We also visited the butterfly pavilion in the Natural History museum. Saren was fascinated by the butterflies, staring but grabbed on to me if they flew to close to him. I can't really blame him, there were crazy colored butterflies the size of my hand!
I am honored to be a Guest Designer for Hambo Stamps today! I’ve adored their images, especially their pig images as I am a big pig lover. So of course I had to pick a pig image to make a card with.
“Roofies” is a simple little online sketch that I wrote for me and Rob to do together in early May 2010. Later that month, I would shoot “Horror Movies Suck” with Melissa Vilardo. But you can read all about that in the HMS post, because this is all about “Roofies.” This goofy sketch was directed by my longtime friend and frequent collaborator, Rob Lambert (director of “Yoga Man” and co-star of “Horror Movies Suck). We shot in one afternoon with Garrett Rowe (director of photography), Damien Hedgecoth (associate producer), Charlie McEwen (Boom Op), and Brian Barnett (make-up) on hand to round out the crew.
I have been good all day.
The final vote result proved it. Despite the colossal baggage McCain and the GOP carried, and colossal advantages Obama and the Democrats had, the majority of white moderate and conservative voters, and a large segment of young whites and independents still voted for McCain. In the nearly two years since Obama's election, Palin has been the GOP stalking horse to stampede the herd of moderates and conservative independents even further away from Obama.
The key to entering into silence and solitude begins with a willingness to abandon all distractions. Silence and solitude are an invitation to search and explore both the outward and inward dynamics of our hearts that we work so hard to ignore. Embarking on this journey requires quieting the mind and body and adopting an external awareness of what affects the five senses. Ask yourself:
Maybe coincidently, maybe not, there are reports of two bank robberies in Dnipropetrovsk whilst the police were all rather busy.
And yes like everyone over 40 these days I have girlfriends who have young guys, even guys you can sense are old at heart and have taken off the tinted glasses, or don't mind standing together in strong light. I admire these couples for what I assume they are stating - We are lovers, We don't give a stuff, We are good together. Hats off to them. But I can't help wondering whether there is sadness in the wings, or up ahead and not too far off either.
chauffeur
Alice set off looking around her as she went, but she couldn’t locate the origin of the sound that was beginning to distress her more and more. Throwing back her hood and feeling the muggy, frozen forest air wash over her face, she stopped walking and listened intently. The sound had stopped. Whatever it was appeared to be waiting for her to make her next move.
I used a collage image from Retro Cafe Art for my center. I combined it with a little vintage ledger paper and some vintage Christmas music to frame it out. The background is a vintage flash card that I used varitone ink on. For those of you who don't know what varitone ink is it is this really cool product made by Coffee Break that goes on clear and then when you heat it with your heat-gun it burns brown. The longer you heat it the darker it gets. That's how I get the authentic aged look to a lot of my pieces. In this case I used a dots stencil and a sponge to dab the ink on and then heated. But you can swipe it on or rub it in with your fingers if you want. So cool.
2 error
Late night host Jimmy Kimmel was announced as the host for the ABC telecast of the 64th Primetime Emmy Awards on September 23rd. It will mark Jimmy’s first time hosting the awards salute to the best in primetime television, although he has had a little practice in the awards hosting circles with the American Music Awards and the ESPY Awards under his belt. Kimmel is also set to host the White House Correspondents Dinner in April. ABC also announced veteran producer Don Mischerwill executive produce this year’s Emmys for a record 12th time.
Part five
The Abortion Act 1967 came into effect on 27 April 1968. Since then well over seven-and-a-half million unborn children have been killed through registered abortion in Britain. This figure does not include abortions which may be caused by birth control drugs and devices. Nor does it include the number of embryos destroyed or discarded during and after in-vitro fertilisation (IVF).
Once the story was well under way and I could see where it was heading I then went back and looked again at the kind of person she was and asked myself if she would necessarily do certain things, or think certain things, or believe certain things, none of which would affect the action particularly because she wasn’t make those kinds of decisions, not at the start of the book anyway. An optimist and a pessimist don’t go about making a cup of coffee differently, not essentially: the optimist might sing while doing it and the pessimist might not care so much if it was done right but the mechanics would be pretty much the same: spoon in the coffee, add hot water and milk and sugar to taste. What they thought about while doing this rather mundane task would be different and this is where I started to tweak the character.
Before the minimum wage was introduced during the Great Depression of the 1930s, there was no national minimum wage, or indeed any legislation to protect workers from exploitation. Because of this lack of regulation tens of thousands of workers were routinely exploited in sweatshops and factories, forced to work in horrible conditions and for pennies a week. Early attempts by labor unions to create a mandatory minimum wage were ruled unconstitutional by the U.S. Supreme Court on the grounds that they “restricted the worker’s right to set the price for his own labor”. This allowed employers to continue exploiting their workers through the Great Depression of the 1930s, when incredible demand for jobs caused wages to drop even further to an all-time low.
01 - Flirtin' With Disaster 05:08
no probs
Monday……………….1/23/12:Tunnels
“We’ll settle in for the night,” Pappy replied. “We don’t want to use lights and the swamp ain’t no place to be stumblin’ around in the dark.”
That is what I want. Naked and unashamed. Today I remembered a memory I have not considered for years and turned it from a source of shame and symbol of my weakness into a source of celebration of my courage and strength of character.
The cutest little thing ever!
But then, to everyone’s surprise, he ripped the canvass into pieces in front of their very eyes and threw it into the trashcan. The audience was shocked. How could he do such a thing?
Brodie rolled his shoulders, wincing as the right one burned in pain. “Wrenched my arm trying to hold onto a tree. My side and arm is bruised too. Nothing to worry about.”
Agriculture Minister Ted McMeekin said there was ongoing research to evaluate the benefits and assess any potential risks of using sludge as a nutrient source for crops, and the regulatory requirements and strict standards governing its use reflect the latest scientific knowledge.
CD: How often do you meet?
The beef and the biscuit-tins;
To coincide with World Malaria Day, we’re publishing of the Wellcome Trust Malaria Portfolio Review. Claire Vaughan summarises its findings, looking at how the Trust has invested in malaria research over the past two decades.
buttoned sunflower
I'm writing from the Victorian Village Guest House on Neil Avenue in Columbus, Ohio. This is my second stay here, and I'm delighted to say Bill is with me and also enjoying its considerable amenities.
My anger had now most assuredly returned. "Her daughter! Her baby daughter is the most important female in her life!"
Those first two Alabama-Florida games in Birmingham would have been Alabama-Tennessee in 1992 and LSU-Florida in 1993 instead. LSU would have reached the championship game in ’93 with a 3-5 SEC record, in part because undefeated Auburn was ineligible for the postseason.
In addition to the writing myths that kept springing up, the dialogue was pretty terrible, which would have been unbearable if it hadn't given us more ammunition. A few examples: one of the characters described their mental state as "I guess I went a little nuts!" which I cannot imagine was early-to-mid 19th century jargon. Poe is also referred to as an alcoholic, when it's commonly thought the term wasn't used until 1849...the year he died. Of alcoholism! Or not...by then I'd lost all interest in the fate of Cusack-Poe. No interest in him. No interest in the heroine's fate. No interest in whodunnit. No interest in THE POOR WOMAN he was trying to save FROM THE CLUTCHES OF A MAD KILLER. Nope, I'm out. I'm just gonna steal more popcorn and stoically endure. C'mon, end credits!
I am looking forward to engaging with these fantastic teachers once again and I can't wait to introduce our wonderful students to each other.
And Nature with a mightier Presence fill.
This segment also includes clips from the vigil held on April 10, 1994 in Seattle and how "In Utero", "Nevermind", and "Unplugged in New York" were all currently on Billboard's Top 200 Albums chart.
I’m not naive, I know the system will fight back and hard. But I don’t like the world how it is, and this is not something I can simply ignore, because I’m reminded of it every single day, many times. So unless I try to change it, I don’t have the right to complain about it.
- Hanging out, some touring, probably drinking a lot of coffee and hopefully keep putting out some new records.
-Brock picks up the ref by the belt with one hand and brings him back into the ring.
At some point of her life, the girl found out that her dreams were just unmatched with the reality. She found herself to be demanded by the surroundings. The people around her expected her to be this and that. She was trying her best to please everyone. Maybe that was one of her minor personality. She wanted to please everyone. Was it because she wanted to be loved by everyone? Why was it so? Was it because she felt unloved, at all? Well, enough for the psychoanalysis.
Fashion: Lets be honest! Fashion is a factor! Being a modern mama, I want everything and more! It’s got to function and be cute. Hotslings™ come in a variety of colors and patterns.
Yet the angel is present to tell him that Peter is nearby and to send for him. And Cornelius does so.
“I can’t imagine a president would tolerate not having a secretary of state, a secretary of defense, a secretary of homeland security, or a secretary of interior,” said Rep. Darrell Issa (R-Calif.), chairman of the oversight committee. “Likewise, tolerating inspector general vacancies at these departments and other agencies hampers oversight and sends the wrong message about what should be an unequivocal commitment to accountable government.”
I've wanted to do this all year, but have yet to find the actual time and ambition to make it happen... However, because I'm so utterly excited about our 9th theme in UPK this year, I'm determined to get it done!
the drapes close again
Today's recipe is how to stir fry plain rice cakes. I normally buy the semi dried vacuum pack, see this post, mainly because I didn't have good experience with dried sticks before. When I was in London few weeks ago I bought several packets of the dried sticks determine to have a go again. Cook it couple of times now and I LOVE it. Will keep this as cupboard staple from now. The vacuum pack does not keep for very long in the cupboard it will go mouldy, yuk! Dried sticks are more handy will keep up to a year and I can use as much as I like unlike the vacuum pack which will go bad quickly once opened.
I watch The Hills – not afraid to admit it. Well, I guess I should say that I used to watch The Hills, since it recently had its series finale. But whether you watched it or not or believed in the reality of the show or not, you have to admit that it was certainly a big part of pop culture for a span of 4-6 years. One of the more culturally significant scenes of the show was when main character, Lauren Conrad, had a choice to make at the end of the 2nd season. Does she go to Paris for the summer for her job or does she stay and spend the summer with her then boyfriend/ “love of her life,” Jason Wahler?
Yet the God of the Bible is always for the underdog.
Abdullahi met recently with Aminu Daurawa, head of the Hisbah Board, who promised to personally select the best available man for her.
If anyone remembers Facebook graffiti wall had a similar effect of fun novelty before you got bored of drawing stuff and putting it on peoples and others got bored of doing it as well!
Brendan Behan’s new play or Le Balcon or Les Nègres
This book comprises a deadpan diary-style account of a year in the life of the narrator, a not especially successful author who finds himself writing publicity material for firms in the oil and gas industry, having his job on a magazine downsized, going to readings where everything that is read is declared excellent. I think that the interest comes from the way that Danilov doesn’t tell us the kind of things you might expect in such a memoir, so the whole weight of literary expectation presses through the words we actually see on the page.
Him: Ok. Here is the truth u want to hear. I just wanted some ass.
07 Never in a Million Years
It remains one of the highest compliments when someone tells you that you know how to keep it real. I was very fortunate that during my career, I was always known as such a person.
Q: Besides blogging, are you also on Facebook? If no, what other social online communities are you a part of?
Songkran Thai New Year Festival
You will need: Craft or embossable ink in color of your choice, clear embossing powder, embossing gun, stamps, and SUGAR FREE Jello in your choice of flavor.
OG=1.055@69F
The traveling exhibit Star Trek: The Exhibition is currently running through this summer at the Kennedy Space Center (KSC) as part of the Center’s Sci-Fi Summer. Showcasing the world of Star Trek, the Sci-Fi Summer program presents how the science fiction world of Trek helped to influence the development of our technology. It’s a great place to go if you are a Star Trek or science fiction fan not just because of the Trek-themed exhibits and attractions but because it melds that sci-fi aspect to NASA’s real life world. You get to see where we’ve been and how far we have to go.
Anyone that has attended any activity with the BNP will understand the feeling better than I can put into words here. We are a family and we have formed friendships across the country that will last a lifetime with like minded kinsmen. Onto the job in hand open every box and split 3000 leaflets into bundles of 100. Around 50 of us for 29 million!
Talk about summer fun!
The Lompoc is dark and grimy, the kind of thing that makes for a really comfortable hangout. Walking in the front door you first encounter a small bar framed by a hops motif in tile. The walls seem encrusted with funny pictures, fliers, old brewery ads, news-clippings, and beer bottles. The look seems classically nostalgic at first, but I think its really just a big sarcastic joke. Ha! To the right is the main seating area, and to the left of the bar are a few tables that are non-smoking before 8 and a hallway that leads past the kitchen to a large patio in back.
Amos Moses by Primus
I was visiting one of the churches in our association recently when the pastor mentioned an old song he identified with. I’m not sure of the name but part of the chorus is “He’s (Jesus is) still working on me” and that could actually be the title, too. Any way, he said that He still was working on him and he was sure glad of that. That is one statement that ought to a hardy “Amen” from us all in my opinion.
The challenges I would love to enter my creation into are:-
FB: It's not JELLO. It's in ASPIC and it's AMAAAZING. TRY IT.
The drama for outspoken correspondent Roland Martin continues. Now the “Fly Jock”, Tom Joyner, has issued a written “smack down” chastising him for prolonging the issue with GLAAD.
The stamp is by Penny Black and is called 'A Hug Is...', I used a Rusty Brown Stazon inkpad to make the words standout. The flower is made using two different die sets, the Spellbinders Rose Creations and Marianne Ribbon Flower 1. The leaves are from Spellbinders Foliage set and the twirly bit is from the Doodle Parts set, the butterfly is also from Spellbinders. The card, paper, brad and jewels are all from my stash. I love the nice soft colours in this card, it appeals to me, and I really enjoyed making the flower.
Zest of 1 lemon (outer yellow skin of lemon)
There are several methods available to evaluate a website and its usability, such as heuristic inspection, observation, eye tracking, interview, user feedback and lab testing. Each method of website evaluation has its own level of intrusiveness to the users, with heuristic inspection being the least and lab testing being the most intrusive.
6. Water often and expose to sun.
8.alive(undead)
I left, GPS (on phone) in hand....and tried to make my way to Frank Pepe's on the way out of town. Heard that if I was going to get pizza---THIS was where I needed to get it. So, I called in an order before I drove there.
So week two of the fashion course has come and gone and things are happily getting under way. Pattern pieces (i.e. clothing jigsaw pieces as I am currently liking to view them) have been drawn and are set to be laid and cut out on fabric.
Speaking of being hurried out of this world: today is Soren Kierkegaard's birthday (1813-1855). On a bookshelf behind my chair sits a framed quote (I like to think of it as my prayer) by this Danish philosopher and theologian. I've included it in a previous post, probably two years ago now, but I'm re-posting it today not only as a way to honor him, but also to remind myself to pray for this daily and to live it more effectively:
When the CTD came up (underneath an incredible display of Aurora Australis southern lights), only the second blue bag, and the pair of panty hose that I strapped to the cage were visible at first. The first blue bag, the one with the majority of the student cups, was shredded to bits. Then, I saw Mike's tie line in the distance, and I noticed something swinging from the bottom of the CTD- it was the other pair of hose that had been INSIDE the blue bag that ripped!!! Somehow, it wrapped itself round the frame,
Look up.
Amazon Kindle and Its Features Review
She smiled at my reply and then winked at me. We walked out to our cars in the parking lot. It was time to find out how "ready to go" she really was.
Don't ask which question
When the creamed vegetables and chicken are cooked to your taste, turn off the stove and top with your favorite biscuits. Place in the oven and bake until the biscuits are cooked through and browned. Serve hot. Enjoy.
Roux was arrested last Friday after he had allegedly been pulled over by Mogale for drunken driving.
Rather impressed, i am glad that finally the Kajang - Sg. Buloh MRT project, (linking several densely populated areas, important sites and tourist spots in Klang Valley from Kajang in the south and Sg. Buloh in the north of Kuala Lumpur) is approved and its construction has begun. Also, as far as i know, two more MRT lines are currently under final planning and evaluation that will cover larger hotspots area in the capital.
Well, I'm back with another calendar I made with one of my Tilda stamps. If you want to see the one I posted previously check it out here.
We're taking turns in trying to pass them on
A few more days to labor and wait,
corner.
And, I found couple new blogs to follow today. One I found through Pat Sloan's blog, Ali Edwards, One Little Word. It is talking about choosing a word for the next year that speaks to you - any word that just comes to you and makes you feel something. Pat talks about words she has chosen (Ali has been doing this for a few years now) and I think it is a neat idea. No, I have not picked a word - but I am going to.....
But education is only a part of the whole. Education imports knowledge, but knowledge can only be used with inspiration, motivation, spirit, desire, passion, love, interest, and a host of other qualities. All parent have the opportunity to help their children develop these qualities so that they can take this goodness with them for the rest of their lives. I can't tell you how to do it, because our families and our lives are different. It starts with love, trust, engagement, and a willingness to cast off your own baggage and work at understanding what kind of parent you want to be.
“We want to make sure we’re running it as efficiently as possible with limited resources,” Cline said. The report should be completed by February.
So even though Spring Training is here and our schedules get kicked into crazy mode, I'm trying my best to embrace it. Thanks to a friend and fellow baseball wife, I'm going into this baseball season with a different outlook ... and I think she says it best ...
9. Alice in Wonderland
That magic question, “What is it?” is the sign that you have memorised the word. Once you are there, the meaning is much easier, because it is only one job instead of two.
“I’m not desperate,” I pleaded. I tried to push him off of me. I tried to reach the door handle.
Willie Walsh, the boss of International Airlines Group, has said he will not be engaging in the coalition’s long-awaited consultation on the future of Britain’s airports because the government “has no idea what it is talking about”.
Puget Energy, Inc., Alternative Energy, Deals By Sector, 2006 to YTD 2012 8
Painted desert - painted wire and pink missfickle hoops which I squashed about a bit for a more organic shape. Kiwi jasper is so pretty, like turquoise and jade mixed together.
Finn shot me a dirty look as he pulled out onto the street.”
The backing is from Lecien fabrics, The binding is a Tanya Whelan stripy fabric. I added a pin dot fabric from Robert Kaufman as a border and used simple straight stitch machine quilting 1/4" from all seams.
I became fixated on how I could do this. I had seen my hair in its natural state, when I was a teenager, and thought that if I studied and applied the same techniques as these women, I could manage it and have long, natural hair too.
So I used it to keep my bf's wart treating kit in, since they are not things that can stand on their own. There's a falcon tube (that's a lab tube for those not in the bizz, 15ml, with a pointy tip so it can't stand on its own) with apple-cider vinegar (home remedy to treat warts if you are interested, along with hydrogen peroxide), plastic transfer pipette (or dropper google translate tells me), medical tape, and not pictured, prescription acetic acid.
“Susan was always available to us, providing information and assurance during the selling process of our home. Thank You!
Make your mother proud with these Savings! Only at FurnitureXO. Celebrate Mother’s Day with FurnitureXO and get her the savings she will thank you for.
Now for the pics! I know that's what you came for:):):) Enjoy them friends! And know that you ALL played a part in bringing Samuel into our family! He would not be here without you. Our eyes have seen what his future would have been and I cannot express the gratitude in our hearts that he is home and has a chance to thrive and grow into all that his heavenly Father created him to be! October is Down Syndrome Awareness Month in case you didn't know...pretty sweet timing, huh?!?:):):)
During the first quarter of 2012, 724,746 people with disabilities applied for Social Security Disability Insurance, up from 660,712 the previous quarter and 720,119 a year earlier.
If not for the efforts of the first-in engine, this would have turned into a big deal. It;s good they picked it up.
Visas, Insurance, Cost of living….and any other “how to”s will be published soon.
Get home late, go to exchange some cheese
Today I am guest posting for Heather over at Raising Mighty Arrows. Please come and join me there. And if you have not had a chance to be blessed by Heather's blog yet, I hope you will stop by and "see" her. She has posts to encourage wives and mothers in their Biblical calling. See you there! Just click on the link above.
“Minnie, I can’t stand that dripping. What should we do?”
perhaps next year? a girl can hope...
Anyhoo, I could go on and on but I think I’ll give it a rest for now. I do have some good stuff planned for the next few weeks. We’ll talk about Netflix, what kinds of books you allow your kids to read and count for school credit, and we’ll look at some fun Christmas gifts that aren’t necessarily T*O*Y*S. I don’t know about you, but that’s one thing there’s no shortage of here!
Consequently, the owner of the copyright in a computer program may not prevent, by relying on the licensing agreement, the purchaser of that licence from observing, studying or testing the functioning of that program so as to determine the ideas and principles which underlie all the elements of the program in the case where the purchaser carries out acts covered by that licence and the acts of loading and running necessary for the use of the program on condition that that purchaser does not infringe the exclusive rights of the owner of the copyright in that program.
Like all Indian chinese food, you will definitely be coming back for more.
Sean: "Looks like a bleed."
So there you have it. I’m a pretty moderate common-sense conservative with an open mind and a low tolerance for bullshit and stupidity. I love my country and hate what’s happened to it, so if you feel the need to talk shit about me, at least man up about it.
Those of you who read the first in this delightful middle-grade fantasy series will know exactly what to expect: mayhem, magic, and an utterly incorrigible heroine determined to upset just about any apple cart to protect her family and secure her older sisters the loves of their lives.
rs link
You see, I fully understand and despise, just like the next man or woman, what drugs have done to our community. But on a lesser level I don’t like what McDonald’s, Coke and Cheetos have done either. We are all addicted to something. We are all substance abusers.
Directions: The children sit in a circle close together. The child who is “It” stands away from the circle and hides their eyes while the fire is passed around. When “It” says "STOP!", the child holding the fire hides it (under their leg, up their sleeve, etc.). The child who is “It” guesses who has the fire. The child who had the fire is now “It”.
” i just wanted to……” He started.
Those outside you’d see within;
I am frustrated, disappointed and getting to the point of being pissed off. I want to not feel like my time is a waste. I just want something for participating. For trying. I am not looking for a lot here, I know this. I have heard others vent the same.
compared with only 61% of patents that reference one or more parent). That
and they are, providing you have used one of their products on your card a $20. gift voucher for you spend on their website The Paper Shelter, and even if you havent they will still give your three images of your own choice, definitely a win, win situation you really carnt loose.
This is for a Sweet Sixteen who has a plan for her future. I will stand for her until she can do that for herself. She, like all of your children, deserves the best we can give them. This current government is not doing their best, not for her or anyone else.
Perhaps the higher truth is as simple as this: the opposition of public and private, and the insistence the administration is stewarding us in a single direction is itself inadequate to understand the present situation. “The public” in fact persists; it now refers to purchasers, who literally have no business on the quad; the businesses await behind the Memorial Union’s doors. We might, we must demand “public education” because this is an idea cherished by the public.
Of course every day here looks like a sunny day you’d find front and center in a postcard and the film is super full of the values that are adored by the conservative demographic that makes up a nice portion of Mr. Sparks’ target audience, while still providing the sexy scenes with the sexy actors to draw in the other demos. But it kind of works as that romance in Louisiana story; it’s just hurt quite a lot by the fact that the secret that Logan’s keeping just looms over the whole movie even if it’s not mentioned, especially because it’s not that big a deal when you dissect it had he just told it when he arrived there. But it’s when the film tries to go all heavy-handed dramatic with Beth’s ex that it’s just too bad to bear.
It was a lovely party. I saw some old friends, Lynne Chapman and Anne Rooney, from Facebook, SAS and SCWBI. Made some new friends and got a bit squiffy on the mulled wine. I even bravely ate half a mince pie and it was ok - promise. I had a lovely chat to the publisher, Simon Rosenheim who talked about how fiercely independent Meadowside is and I said I felt really at home here. Its good to have a publisher who is 100% behind your ideas. I also talked to Catherine about foreign rights and New York Art Galleries and to Rupert about sales. Meadowside publishes over 40 titles a year and has an established reputation for good books. That feels the right place to be. 2011 is going to be a great year!
I only purchased two bottles from the new Hans Christian Andersen collection but I thought you might enjoy some reviews! I ordered The Red Clouds and A Merry Life from Violette Market’s etsy shop on 1/16/12 and received them on 1/25/12. As always the Violette Market bottles come individually wrapped in plastic and then in a little mesh bag. I also received free samples of Dark Moon Kiss, Smoking Plum and Moroccan Market.
7 Does This Bus Stop At 82nd Street?
(3) White ones.
There are many different kinds of people that share the beautiful planet you live upon, and each one has their own personality and character traits. You have learned for the most part how to identify someone who is boisterous, you can figure out someone who is withdrawn or possibly shy by simple observations. The personality types are varied and complex and each one requires fluid understanding and acceptance. Each type has something worthwhile to contribute. It is important to learn how to co-relate to all people without causing harm to their emotional and mental health. And you do this with the pure love that is inside your heart. You act with love in all you do. You not only show kindness, you are kind. Everything you do, you do with the pure purpose of loving unconditionally and accepting everyone as equal and important. It is the way of God and it is your way also; to act, to think to feel and to be as God. Living purely and simply within your heart throughout all parts of your life.
However, I think increasing worker power through the empowering of unions is probably the most crucial and indispensable step. The experience of the British Labour Party during the Blair and Brown years have shown that without counter-acting the “undertow” of neoliberal political economy, income transfers are extremely limited in their effectiveness. A combination of direct job creation in order to counter-effect this undertow and labor law reform to give unions space to run is needed to allow income transfers to live up to their potential.
DOC: Not necessarily. But you’ll know so much more.
Masha and the sequel, The Youngest Lady in Waiting are inexplicably out of print - and copies are now highly sought by collectors. The hardback that my parents bought for me on my tenth birthday (after I'd borrowed Masha from the library week after week) must be worth about £300 by now. But I’d never sell it. My favourite school story is actually my favourite book of all.
Anyway, our wrangler took us on a one-hour ride through the Black Hills over some of the same territory traveled by Custer and his troops. He was knowledgeable about the area and shared his personal opinion as to how poorly Native Americans had been treated - he definitely has a great deal of sympathy for the Native Americans, and so do we.
That's too bad. For one, the management at SABMiller is pretty sharp, especially in the U.S. part of the company. Sure, head honcho Graham Mackay said that craft beer would inevitably fade -- how's that working out for ya? -- but he's been brilliant on just about everything else. He's probably moving on soon anyway, but he's got some very smart lieutenants...and ABIB would probably dump them all and replace them with bean counters. It seems to be what they do.
Goodbye old powder room!
Charles Bonaventure
It is easy to live a life in New York City with virtually no interaction with children at all. Childless individuals and couples are common and easy to befriend. Some may feel that this is an impoverished life. Others see it as a merely a lifestyle choice and a realization that not everyone is cut out to be a parent. We should be capable of rational, calm dialogue about the subject without character assaults. It should not be the last taboo...
The master suite is on the second floor and consists of a huge bath with custom shower, two sinks, and an enormous walk in closet and skylights which flood the stairwell leading up with natural light. The bedroom is nicely sized and well proportioned. Additionally there is a tremendous amount of storage space in easily accessible attic space.
Peggy!
The colonoscopy. Your doctors will call the colonoscopy “routine”. However, you will call it “obscene”. Around a certain age, everyone is supposed to get one. What they won’t tell you is that the procedure involves sticking a length of garden hose up your ass and then filling you with more air then a Thanksgiving Day parade float. They do not tell you about the hose until you are about to go under. Once you see it, you may, as your mom did – frantically try to negotiate the length of hose to go up your derriere. This is futile as you will be passed out and unable to gauge whether your doctor is a man of his word or not. The garden hose will take pictures of your yellow brick road and god willing, it will be pristine. You will leave this procedure feeling both violated and bloated.
How many of you have wood decks? Oh, how i wish i could raise my hand as well. I just have grass. My table and chairs...just sittin' on some grass. Flower pots...plopped on the lawn. If i did one day get my low platform deck that i'm pining away for, i'd love it to be along these lines.
You really can’t go wrong with any of Rachel’s books. I have her Make Your Own Takeout cards and they’re fantastic when you’re itching for some Chinese, but don’t’ want the fat and grease associated with it!
“For whom, it suddenly occurred to him to wonder, was he writing this diary? For the future, for the unborn? … For the first time the magnitude of what he had undertaken came home to him. How could you communicate with the future? It was of its nature impossible. Either the future would resemble the present in which case it would not listen to him, or it would be different from it, and his predicament would be meaningless.” - Winston Smith, from Orwell’s 1984
Forget Love for Now (Japan…Hiroshi Shimizu)
“They do not have evidence of purposeful discrimination,” Rob Thompson, an assistant district attorney in Cumberland County, said in his closing arguments. “They do not have some secret society of prosecutors maniacally plotting to remove people from juries. They do not have any of that because there is no such evidence. It doesn’t exist. They have numbers.”
I hadn't expected him to come to my leaving drinks, I'd never seen him out with the Friday night crowd, I don't think I'd ever seen him outside of work. I was pleased that he joined us as we walked up towards the Windmill pub in The Cut, it felt right when he fell in beside me as we passed the Old Vic. I'd already had my leaving presentation in the office and I'm ashamed to say now that I can't remember what they'd all clubbed together to buy me. But I'll never forget the present he shyly handed to me as we walked up the road.
Known to his mum as Elliot Gleave (his moniker is cribbed from his initials), the 29-year old is one of the most interesting characters in UK music at the moment: someone who plays in pop’s premier league, but also keeps a toe entrenched in the underground, with the likes of Shot Yourself In the Foot Again, the self-released viral hit he created with Magnetic Man’s Skream. Someone who instigates entertaining Twitter wars with Alexandra Burke and The Saturdays, with nary a care for whose dressing room ends up next to his on the T4 Stars of 2011 event. And someone who, with his third full-length effort, Playing In The Shadows, has penned a euphoric dance album pointing out the pitfalls of substance abuse which, in terms of audacious juxtaposition, is up there with filming a porno about the risk of STIs.
And you can see for miles.
They have received airplay in as diverse places as BBC Radio One and Four, Radio North Angus, Heartland FM, Subcity and Amazing Radio.
my netbook which I have propped up on a cushion
In the half-awake state that I found this article, I read the line in the ad below as "no biting alkies" and immediately had this image of 1930s era women forced to hire cranky alcoholic hoboes to do the heavy scrubbing of their pots -- before Brillo came along to save the day. I believe I'll go make more coffee now.
The customs officials who greet you at the border are cold, the waiters are brusque and rude, the shop assistants clearly have better things to do than attend to your needs, and anyone in an official uniform is downright intimidating if not scary.
Butterfly metal embellishment and flowers are from Wild Orchid Crafts.
These cupcakes were topped with some fantasy-type flowers, which I'll refer to as 'camellias' because who would gainsay me? Who?
According to The Geej, "A goth wears all black and is kind of spooky and has black make-up and wears spiky jewelry and can break branches and not even feel anything." She knows this because one of her friends from after-care told her what goths are.
So, will Najib have pity on the STAR? Or will he, like those guys in KDN (Umno Ministers), stand firm and try to show that they are as serious in “defending Islam” as much or more than their rivals, PAS?
That’s it! Easy eh!
BLITZER: I want both of you to weigh in, Governor Romney first?
It's huge and thick and will be really cozy next Christmas. I have the backing so this one is ready to be basted by my team of basting elves this week. (What am I going to do when the kids move out?!?)
1- Full Size 50″ Tripod (No More Fuzzy Memories!)
Therefore, she was unable to marry Franklin.
-6 Month toys that light up or make sound. The kid loves music.
10) Take drinking water precautions (chlorine dioxide, etc.)
11. Spoon the buttercream icing into a piping bag (I used a disposable piping bag for this as it’s a pain to wash an oily piping bag). Pipe a decent amount of mixture into the middle of a macaron shell and sandwich together with the second shell.
Dress
Be sure to pop over to Get Picky and check out the girls stunning layouts and of course our beautiful guest Iris Baboa Uy's layout....I know you won't be able to resist the temptation to play along and be in the running for an awesome Dusty Attic prize pack.
I don't suppose anyone listens to the ramblings of Lord Astor, but Labour should beware of talking up the BNP in Nottingham. These stupid tactics may be its only hope of making an advance in the city.
In an earlier post, Mr Goh remarked in a sarcastic manner that Nicole was too ‘immature’ for politics and ‘advised’ her to ‘control’ herself and learn some ‘self-discipline’:
Besides creating a strong textural element the horizontal express joins seen in the veneer cladding and horizontal bars in the feature lights (often seen in Japanese furniture) represent man’s relation to the earth.
Her smile dies in still birth
I have some more Sation beauties to show you over the next week. Sation bottles are oval with thick glass bottoms. The new brushes are great for ladies like me that love wide brushes. The formula on all the ones I've tried is excellent. You can purchase Sation's Big 3 Free polishes at their website.
Based on a few months of virtual exploration—nowhere near Tahrir Square—I would not presume to form an opinion either. But confusion, uncertainty, instability—none are strangers to the aftermath of revolutions. And election results notwithstanding, Egyptians cannot dodge monumental economic and social challenges ahead.
i want the world opened to her. at a young age i know that she is smart, talented. and in reality, she needs a complete family. i don’t know where to start.
I remember years ago trying to persuade my grandmother to use a phone box. Just a receiver, and button A and button B. Simple. But no. Not simple at all. Brought up at a time when there were no cars or phones, Granny had come a long way, but that was as far as she was prepared to go. Button A and button B were far too complicated. She wasn't going near them, thank you very much. What was the world coming to?
The block of land is still for sale, we've only had one person express even a vague interest which quickly died out when we confirmed that we weren't going to drop the price to the level they desired. We have lowered the price to a last-resort level in the hope of getting rid of it, so the only other thing we can do at this stage is keep our fingers firmly crossed. Seems the real estate market is a bit stagnant at the moment. Hopefully we'll live through some mistakes to be able to learn from them :-P
7. Summon the spawn
That's why this comes as no, as no surprise
Let me give you a little personal example:
The practice of Haruspicy is common amongst African tribes. It is the practice of studying the entrails of a freshly sacrificed animal to tell the future – wealth, health and many cattle being the optimal reading. Of course, when it comes to Western society, all matters of the intestinal kind are barely discussed unless within the framework of a crude joke or when pressed by one’s gastroenterologist. Forget about looking into the toilet after the deed is done. All we want to do is flush.
1 ((number 10) can crushed tomatoes
4-5 cups hot chicken or vegetable stock
Hoping to hit the water soon with some good chatter to follow.
But that isn't all there is.
The Flower Market has so many beautiful images and provided me the lavender in the background and the beautiful striking butterfly.
Bake for 30 minutes at 350 degrees.
The slow build, which has lead up to the Frank backstory and the Crystal/Penny affair, culminates with a final rush of insight. We finally find out how these characters all come together, and in what way they all fit into the bigger picture. It’s an impressive move, which I should have seen coming, but I didn’t, for which I give all credit to Stanze (and Christ) as it caught me by complete surprise.
14:50 : 16:30 Creating, Monitoring & Operating your Private Cloud
Black jeans: Levi's
Tomorrow is Friday!
Hey, did I tell you that I won a tennis set off a High School guy last Saturday? Then I played again Saturday at the Phoenix Tennis Center with Jeffrey. That place is so cool but crusty on the edges. It had paintings of Kokopellis playing tennis in the locker room.
True, the editorial at The Guardian did mention other African leaders and it did not hint at western leaders to be tried per se (only their generals!) Excerpt:
I was building with the cushions on the sofa and sometimes I looked at her through a peephole between them. She felt me looking and asked: “Are you alright?” while she went on drawing. And I answered: “of course”. Then I crept on hands and knees into the end room and climbed onto a chair and saw how the snow was sinking down over me. Now the whole horizon had crept below the edge of the world. The fringe of forest couldn't be seen any longer; it had slid over. The world had capsized, it was turning over quietly, a little bit every day.
In fact, the SANE nurse-in-training’s report said that the accuser had non-bleeding scratches on her heel and knee. As this fact publicly emerged, Goslee simply changed her theory, making the fantastic claim that as the “complexion of the victim in this case who was raped is a dark complected African American woman,” medical personnel (in a city that’s 38 percent African-American) would not have known how to detect bruises on the accuser.
I saw this sunset on the way home. I marvelled at God’s beauty. I marvelled at the stunning colours.
Today is March 23, 2012 and yesterday was up there with record highs for temperature! We here at Costello’s are keeping our fingers crossed that this is a sign of things to come! And with prices like these, you have NO EXCUSE not to replace your lawn service and do it yourself!
Uh, waitaminit....
The second movement had none of the lilt which might have been expected from this orchestra, but rather a natural, flowing line, with shaping more pronounced than pulse. I feared for a moment at the beginning of the third movement as the firsts were scrappy and more than a little behind – my thoughts: oh, Schlamperei, please don’t intrude now! – though when I saw Nézet-Séguin’s minuscule beat I could see what the problem was. In any case things soon got onto a steadier footing, and Nézet-Séguin wound a very tight coil with the tension released only at the very last minute, in a glorious brass blaze of the sort that normally gets a raucous ovation (though never in a Philharmoniker concert). There should perhaps be something unheimlich and indistinctly menacing about this, neglected by YN-S and the Philis, though the hollowness of the triumph soon struck home in their final movement. Torment and despair registered, as they must, but never in a way which made me want to reach for the nearest Mariss Jansons recording. As in the first movement, D major heralded something new, with real breadth (I often find performances of this final movement lacking in length, or at least a sense of it), and gave the minor something of import to extinguish. How much this all had to do with Nézet-Séguin
A reason to smile
A Psychic on the other hand typically picks up on information through a series of visions seen through their ‘third’ or mind’s eye. Other senses may also be stimulated, such as their sense of taste, hearing, sight or smell. There is also the physical sense of temperature. Each Psychic is different and may use just one or any combination of these senses when picking up information. Some, like the well-known Scott Russell Hill in Australia and Alison Dubois of the ‘Medium’ tv show fame will receive the messages in their sleep. Many psychics such as myself also possess some sort of mediumistic ability and will use the two in combination.
I never cease to be amazed at the talent, creativity and patience the ladies put into their every day linens. What a great way to add a touch of love to your decor that turns a house into a home.
Grant it love and the light of Your Spirit,
A competing study on women turns in a less rosy result - moderate female drinkers, that have recovered from breast cancer, are INCREASING their chances of getting breast cancer again. Here's the story from CNN. Of course, the women's study also noted that the 34% of moderate drinker survivors that had a return of cancer were also overweight or obese.
WOW! It's Friday already. I'm not entirely shocked the week has been pretty long but I'm still feeling like it's Thursday - THANK GOODNES IT'S NOT!
1/2 tsp saffron
So, I almost didn't post anything today. Potato started crying at his doctor's appointment at 2pm and cried solidly until 7pm when I decided I had enough and put him to bed an hour early.
And yes, I am struggling more than I was. Struggling mostly to keep bitterness at bay, and to not feel increasingly like I'm watching my friends' live life while I'm being pushed to the sidelines.
Olga Rublevskaya, director of wastewater disposal at Vodokanal, said: 'Live organisms won't deceive anyone about the danger of pollution.
But it doesn't always mean that.
I’m thinking of buying a badge making machine and I think it would be a lot of fun, plus I could make promo badges to send out to you all. Unfortunately it’s not cheap so it may have to be put on the back-burner for the time being.
WHAT ABOUT YOUR PERSONAL SENSE OF STYLE? ANY LOOK IN PARTICULAR THAT YOU’RE DRAWN TO?
“I am an ambitious person. I want to work hard and win things with City. That’s all that matters to me, as a player and a person.”
Now the night has come, something is still tugging at my heart But am gonna be alright. Damn it. I am still hanging between silence and words. Guess its time to let it flow. Let the body relax and let the pain ease out.
Thanks so much girls, and really looking forward to working with you all...
Cabbages - glad I was able to buy something really fresh. Cooked it half-done and I had a wonderful side dish - crunchy and naturally sweet!
Listening to someone who brews his own beer is like listening to a religious fanatic talk about the day he saw the light.
Circumstances were different, however, when he invited me to accompany him to Montreux for a conference because it's where we used to live. It's home! Plus, there was the added attraction of spending a couple of nights at the Montreux Palace, a hotel where we wouldn't stay if we were paying for it ourselves. I'm a bargain hunter when it comes to accommodation.
What do you think? Does a press to product mismatch leave a bad impression on you of a brand? Do you think High Street brands should be allowed to market in this way?
I don’t think in panels! I realized this quickly. I think not so much in ideas and words, but in moving images. Like a movie. How hard is it for me to convert moving images into comic panels? Extremely… apparently.
He wandered into the local shops, offloaded his ill-gotten gains to the local merchants (who looked a little intimidated by the giant golem) but was soon accosted by a shady-looking halfling.
we watched lots
Speaking of parking lots, one of my favourite haunts – the Buffalo Grille on Bissonnet – is being torn down because the new HEB grocery store wants to exercise their parking lot rights. (Houston is famous for its lack of zoning laws, but apparently there are a few caveats.) I have been eating pancakes and BLT sandwiches at the Buffalo Grille since I was a student at Rice University, and so have many other people – but no; apparently this beloved institution has to find a new place to live.
(Barbra Streisand cover) (From "Funny Girl")
When she came to, her head was pounding. She couldn’t remember what she’d been doing or where she’d been, but it felt as though she’d been out on a bender. Flat on her back, she tried to roll over onto her side. But couldn’t. Through burning eyes her focus began to clear. Bile rose in her gut as the vision of herself lying naked, prostrate and bound slammed fear into every one of her senses. All she could move was her head. She stared about, frantic. And then she found her voice.
You probably know I am a solitaire gamer. Even though it was started out of necessity, it is something I’ve learned to enjoy very much. It’s my private playground, and probably 70% of my painted figures have only been used in solo games.
1. Easter. Jesus lives! And obviously less important but somewhat noteworthy for the sake of killing time....
I know,
He poses three interesting question at the end of this post:
Something is about to happen now. I can feel it so close. Maybe that’s why I’m saying what I’m saying today and specifically ‘some of the things’ I’ve been saying.
David Tennant.
What is more troubling might be who is not leading in home runs with Lehigh Valley and Reading. Domonic Brown was expected to be the next great power hitter coming up through the Phillies system . In 2010 he hit 20 homers in only 93 games combined with Reading and Lehigh Valley. So far this year he is yet to go deep with the IronPigs. At Reading who would have thought Jiwan James has become the leading power guy and last night was batting out of the five hole. Once upon a time Sebastian Valle was the great power hope in the organization behind the plate. In 2010 between Lakewood, the SAL playoffs and the Mexican Pacific winter league Valle hit 26 homers. Last year he hit only five homers for Clearwater and two in Mexican winter ball. So far this year Valle has hit only one homer for Reading hitting out of the clean up spot in the order.
We started with badge presentation; instead of handing out badges as they are earned, as we normally do, we saved them all up to the end of the term and had a presentation instead: nothing too fancy, we had a bag for each girl and in there was a Christmas cracker, some sweeties, next term's diary and newsletter and then whatever badges they had earned.
Add in some chopped button mushrooms and stir for a couple of minutes. Add in half a bottle of dry white wine and another equal amount of beef stock. You can use chicken stock too, but for beef stew, the beef stock is more flavorsome and appropriate.
the UK, with parts dating back to 1380. The pub's website suggests
Disclaimer: This post might get a little nerdy about electricity and such. Also, I am not an electrical engineer so I make no claims as to the accuracy of any statement in this post!
By 1611 Gutenberg presses were widespread. This fostered rapid distribution of the King James Bible throughout the English-speaking world.
Please note: no Grandmothers were injured during this incident. However, we did note that had Grandma not been overweight, she may have had time to see and react to the small Chinese child – we never found out what happened to him/her.
Summer is coming. J's last day of school is in about 3 weeks and I have big plans for the boys. For starters we are most likely moving them back into the same bedroom then making R's room into their playroom. I am hoping this will decrease the messiness from the boys. Hopefully. Next up on the list is making chore charts for the boys. I am looking to the blogging community for help.....please give me ideas of age appropriate jobs for a 6 and 4 year old. Right now J knows how to vacuum, sweep, take out trash and recycle, and pick up. R can sweep with a dustpan, help empty the silverware out of the dishwasher, and pick up. I plan to include making their beds each morning, cleaning their room and playroom too. Any other ideas?!?
Bailey was released from prison in 1965. A year later he would marry Esther Farmer, the widow of Herbert Allen “Deafy” Farmer. Bailey died peacefully in his sleep on March 1, 1979 in Joplin, Mo. His wife, Esther, passed away in 1981.
Spray a loaf pan with cooking spray. (You can't free-form this meatloaf. It's too wet.) Place turkey mixture into the pan and bake for one hour.
Managed living four years with my trial.
Hi I was wondering if you’re possibly available. Yeah 04 to get together for an hour I did
Mikeylous - Country Mi Ting Deh
Gorilla Tango Burlesque puts on eight delightful nerdlesque performances every weekend. Since I’ve been lucky enough to work on every single one in some capacity, I’ll be putting together a little series of posts spotlighting each one. It wouldn’t be fair to call them reviews as I’m pretty biased (read: I frackin love these shows) but I will probably mention my favorite numbers and why I think you should check them out. And just to completely clear about my bias, we’re going to start with my absolute favorite:
I am wringing my hands, metaphorically speaking. What are we to do? Soft hearts are a pushover. As I write, here is Zack, all 7 feet of him when his tail is extended, trying to climb up on Hubby’s lap for a cuddle. I can just imagine the madhouse now – although it will be one filled with love and laughter. Having said that, I am sure there will be some anxious and frustrating times too with a new puppy.
Authorities said three of the men were arrested Monday and are self-described anarchists, not tied to international terrorism.
““Greece’s membership of the euro area is a historic victory for the country that cannot be put in doubt. This achievement by the Greek people cannot depend on a referendum.”
Tokelo Nhlapo, a member of the Student Representative Council at the university and also a member of the ANC youth league sang the song while the group was waiting for Malema's arrival to deliver a speech on 'economic freedom'.Nhlapo started singing the first phrases of the prohibited hatespeech song Ayesaba amagwala, but replaced the words ‘Shoot the Boer’ (dubul'iBhunu) with “dubulu lekgoa”: which means Shoot the White People. Asked what he meant by singing those words, Nhlapo replied: "I have the right not to comment. I prefer not to say what I meant'.
Nick offered to make pizzas for us for dinner last night. He made the dough and besides the ingredients, I have no clue how he did it. Secret recipe...well, he really didn't know the recipe, he kind of guessed, but the crust was wonderful!
66. Learn not to hate them before the year is over.
Officials of the National Astronomical Observatory of Japan and the Riken research foundation said on April 19 that the activity of sunspots appeared to resemble a 70-year period in the 17th century in which London’s Thames froze over and cherry blossoms bloomed later than usual in Kyoto.
Sometimes, i think we are worse than the secular office. We say we can’t do anything because it’s not our efforts so we give up or we don’t even try. We say we can’t measure growth & so we don’t do anything. Because nothing should be done in human efforts, no one sits down with anyone to tell the truth anymore. When they do, it comes out in ways that are tactless & hurtful & when we get hurt, we may be called sensitive; or that we can’t take feedback when it was not done in a specific way or clearly & not objectively.
29. Coming to Your City -- Big & Rich
(MLB's Boston Red Sox are first on the ratings list and second on the household list. You're welcome, long-time friend, colleague and diehard Red Sox fan Scott Fybush at NorthEast Radio Watch.)
DW: Okay. But that’s public domain.
My favourite childhood memory is the night the power went out. Now I know that it's not that funny. My cousin was living in a trailer in our front yard and had everything thing on. We had all the family over and every light in the house was one, as well as all the tvs. We blew every fuse and had to have a new electric box replaced. It was fun because the card game everyone played continued in the dark in candlelight.
The endocrinologist prescribed them late Friday and I couldn't bring myself to go out and get them.
Great creamy head on top and after a mouthful of this stuff a slight citrus twang is present. Goes down real good and smooth.Very filling....
The un-incarcerated half of The Mobb drops a new joint...
I was planning, at this point, to offer a start of an alternative definition of social work. But as I draft its first few paragraphs, I begin to recognize some interesting things that need to go into that definition. The present post has become long enough, so I’m going to stop here and stick that material into another one, and this link will work when it has become well-formed enough to share with you.
Thanks again, everyone!
Pride is the cold mountain peak, sterile and bleak.
Ontario has embarked on a bold plan to become the best publicly funded education system in the world, and inclusion is a foundation of the delivery of high-quality instruction for all learners. Leadership, and leaders with vision, are critical to bringing the Equity and Inclusive Education Strategy to life in schools and school boards. Join other system leaders and educators from across Ontario to share best practices.
Skyrim; continuing to be badasses
I had some really cool skull fabric that my mom had given me and paired it up with pink polka dots and black and white polka dots to make one that fits her personality!
Not if I had been there for her. To protect her.
MUST WE AGE? A long life in a healthy, vigorous, youthful body has always been one of humanity’s greatest dreams. Recent progress in genetic manipulations and calorie-restricted diets in laboratory animals hold forth the promise that someday science will enable us to exert total control over our own biological aging. Nearly all scientists who study the biology of aging agree that we will someday be able to substantially slow down the aging process, extending our productive, youthful lives.
Shortly after the Campaign for Real Ale (CAMRA) rekindled interest in traditional beers in Great Britain in the 1970s, Jackson began to write more about beer.
Yep - you got it! APPLES
a child tries to guilt couples considering abortion into having their child by documenting its progress in the womb. It’s horrible, as you’d expect, right up until almost three minutes into the song, when Mark Fox’s creepy child-voice announces ‘December 28: today, my mother killed me’.
“Our Walkathon is the largest fundraising event for our shelter each year,” notes HAWS Executive Director Lynn Olenik. “It is a great day for the entire family – pets and their people – to come out and support the HAWS cause and have a fun time, too. We invite everyone to join us – make a day of it and help us celebrate the importance of pets in our lives.”
The very word 'soil' means 'dirt'; something that's filthy is 'soiled';
Uncle, best-selling author, philanthropist, dictator and favourite of President Barack Obama is fighting off another title: fraudster. The influential author of "Three Cups of Tea, Two Bunches of Bananas, and a Scone" has become the latest bestselling memoir writer to be accused of passing off fiction as fact.
Khar continued to protest his innocence. His alleged that perpetrator was a pimp with whom his wife had been having an affair.
- tomato paste
They had been investigating the group that he used to be in or was in, and they had finally found the apartment-like house and they hoped to finally find some evidence that would allow them to go after the group; and a woman with the FBI or some group was heading the investigation, she had blond colored hair with whitish colored skin and she wore a blueish colored FBI-like outfit with a matching baseball cap.
Tip 1: There is free water in the Borobudur ticket office. Get some.
yet to take all of them home
‘This is the picture of the structure of the ultimate reality,’ Maharishi concluded. ‘The self-referral intelligence in motion, within its own singularity, giving rise to the mechanics of creation and evolution—the Unified Field of pure intelligence spontaneously giving rise to the diversity of all the Laws of Nature within itself.
But it was clear the Lord was not giving those to me.
Okay, maybe that was a bit melodramatic, but I’m sorry, I’m feeling a bit melodramatic at the moment.
The British author Rudyard Kipling (1865–1936) won the Nobel Prize in Literature for his poetry, but he is probably best remembered for The Jungle Book, which features several big cat characters, such as the panther Bagheera and the fierce tiger Shere Khan.
From a cold steel rail?
First, take time to always be at the crossroads when your children are either coming or going–when they leave and return from school–when they leave and return from dates–when they bring friends home. Be there at the crossroads whether your children are six or sixteen. In Proverbs we read: “A child left to himself bringeth his mother to shame” (Proverbs 29:15). Among the greatest concerns in our society are the millions of latchkey children who come home daily to empty houses unsupervised by working parents.
“It’s Danforth. Shoot him.”
Deputy Richard Boyd Barrett: ￼ ￼ What did I say?
Executive Summary: Afghanistan over the next 10 years
Adding the Premium package to your GDI account is simple and does a lot to help ensure you get the most out of your GDI membership. For starters, it increases your commission level. This is far too generous considering that with most other mlm and network marketing companies that I’ve come across you have to “earn” your way up to a higher commission level, as opposed to GDI Premium, which allows you to simply opt in to this higher pay grade. Most other companies will want you to first meet a recruiting criteria or achieve a volume quota in order to be bumped up to a higher commission scale. The same 5×5 network that equates to almost $4,000/mo with GDI basic all of a sudden becomes about $19,000/mo when all members of the network just opt in to get paid more. So that right there gives you an idea of how much additional potential is tied to the GDI Premium option.
aristides187S
(granted the colors are a bit off in this photo but in these dark days of winter its getting hard to find good light to photograph things! Will try for a better photo someday soon I hope. )
Gregory: unemployment is down but that’s
This is also where I made my only mistake in following the route, part way down the track turns left and a bridleway goes straight ahead, I followed the bridleway when actually I should have followed the track. You could ride either, just that the bridleway leads you down to the Monsal trail rather than under it and if you continue on the bridleway downward from there you end up crossing the river on a bridge that is not best suited to bikes with wide bars! As per usual the photo doesn’t do it justice, my right grip is leaning on the rails and the left side is a fingers width away.
like brunch.
You see, I am a firm believer in the healing powers of laughter and I think that most of us have a ‘Break-In-Case-Of-Emergency’ chuckle button backup for those situations that leave us feeling less than buoyant. For some that would be a funny friend, a favourite movie or poem or song, or maybe you just dive into a much-loved, witty WordPress blog that has given you a giggle in the past. These are all great things… and all things that are in my ‘Break-In-Case-Of-Emergency’ box as well… but I simply love that I have the power to give myself the gift of giggles. I will be the first to admit that many of my methods for doing so are not exactly fitting to a woman of my years – yes, I have moments of great and terrible immaturity – and that the average person would (likely) get absolutely no amusement from the things that twist my lips… it is what is.
Ever since I was a little girl I've wanted a horse of my own. Forget pony. I wanted a full-size horse. (What can I say? I'm always looking forward and at my growth rate, I wasn't long for the pony world.) I always imaged I'd settle somewhere with enough space around the house where I could manage to make that dream come true.
I don’t want you to think The Host is all plodding inner monologues, though. There’s definitely some good action and suspense in it, as well as a hefty helping of romance. Twilight it is not, but don’t be fooled: Meyer is a sucker for love triangles. Although, to be fair, The Host has more of a love square.
The only thing I know to do when I have a need is to begin to give generously to other people, to love them well and to rest in knowing that God loves me more than I love others. My problem this week has been that I have allowed my focus to shift onto our mountain. That's not where it should be. My focus should be on God and loving the ones He places in my path. Allowing Him to use me however He desires. I have never done a post like this one. I have told you all before that I don't share things here with you unless, I'm willing to participate (financially) in the need, so what I'm about to share is going to STRETCH me and STRETCH our family. I have prayed over each of these families and their fundraisers and have wanted to share them with you and so, in effort to be obedient, here we go.
Recognition. Apology. No escalation. Done.
While looking up the link to these shoes on REI’s website, I discovered that these are actually supposed to be shoes you use for water sports and activities. (This just shows how much I read instructions on the packaging.)
When the objective is to change the world the only way is revolution.
The man gestured to the short wall of the courtyard and John nodded. The man stepped over the wall and said, “I am Malchus ben Levi and I am asking people about their encounters with Jesus the supposed Christ.”
for it, but he still doesn't get why I like it.
Author Barclay had a good concept with the romance of the novel, unfortunately he was not able to deliver.
Back in New York, officers brought out kettling nets to cordon off any unruly protesters, while there were reports on Twitter of teargas being used along Broadway near Union Square.
Okay until next time!
Until the next time,take care everyone.
Now, I decided this week that I want to go back to school. I got my AA back in 2003, then transferred to a four-year college, did a couple G.E. classes and then dropped out – due to an unplanned pregnancy and postpartum depression from giving my son away for adoption. I was grieving and unable to focus on my classes. But when I’m not going through a crisis, I’m a straight A student. So I know I have what it takes to get my BA.
Terms to Know…
CJ also has a long tail. Articles I’ve published two years ago are still being read and have, over the months, accumulated hundreds of thousands of page-views cumulatively. When speaking about affecting the political landscape, it’s important to think of what that actually means.
It is appropriate, therefore, to pray that our body and mind be sanctified, for the soul cannot be sanctified while it is held in slavery to sin.
Wish me luck. No, wish me good learning experience. No, to me learning experience equates with mistakes. – Let’s see. I guess what we need here is, “May the force be with me.”
The problem was, during that entire two hours, almost nobody showed up. Maybe five or so customers, a few of whom did buy the book. But for the most part, I wandered the store, chatted books and music with the staff, got wired on caffeine and fat on cookies. The manager, bless her heart, was very gracious and offered that the weather probably played a factor (in Oregon, you take advantage of those rare sunny days when they arrive). And on a nice day, during a weekend, most of downtown was as devoid of people walking the sidewalks as an apocalyptic sci-fi movie.
have plans to do in the future.
One of their members is Bodegas Paso Robles, which I visited last year, and two of their wines made my list of 2010: Top Ten Wines Over $15. These wines included the fantastic 2006 Bodegas Paso Robles Graciano and 2006 Bodegas Paso Robles Pimenteiro. The owner and winemaker, Dorothy Schuler, is passionate and talented, and I strongly recommend her wines. She is concerned about protecting the Iberian grapes planted in California, and has done her part to promote these fine grapes. Thus, such winemakers, especially when they produce compelling wines, deserve our support.
Masekela was a co-founder of Chisa Records, 1965 and leader/member of numerous musical groups.
I thought maybe since I have been doing this blogging thing for a while I might be able to help other bloggers increase their readership without resorting to any fancy blogging techniques. Lord knows, I don't know any of those. Also, I know I am breaking a blogging rule by blogging about blogging. Didn't you know, blogging is like Fight Club?
2. I have never had cheesecake. Ever.
3/4 c. unsweetened pumpkin purée
It also gave me the chance to reacquaint myself with some of the wines that I had tried on my recent trip to Virginia.
So I’m glad to now have my shows to look forward to. Some may argue that watching these types of shows can be a waste of time and also that our lives shouldn’t revolve around our TV schedule. Lee and I have even discussed this ourselves. For me, though, these shows provide me with a chance to sit back and relax. It’s almost an excuse to sit down and focus on nothing else but being entertained (even though I often am doing something else while watching).
-Cody
We went into a small private waiting room outside of the birthing room, and I was asked to prevent anyone from going into the birthing room without permission & anyone who came to the private waiting room needed a ticket; and so I was basically asked to temporarily be a security guard/ticket collector.
Other excellent beers:
از کشاد او کشاد آسیا
If there is one thing I have learned, though, it is that there is no rose without a thorn, no Eden without its serpent. Yes, we have made the physical act of writing so much easier and the internet has placed the power of publishing in the hands of the masses. That is good and that is bad.
...such a great place to get your crafty fix. They have a wide range of products, and if you play along with us this week, you could be the lucky winner that gets to shop for free! I can't wait to see your creations!
Big thanks go to Malisha who ripped this vinyl for me.
3. approx. 5-10% RTs – retweet other useful links about reading, books, publishing, writing, craft, etc. from subject matter experts and authorities you follow – people in the biz – agents, , mentors, editors, writing teachers, publishers, internet marketers, publications.
That's my theory anyway.
It's a bird, it's a plane...it's Super Jace!
The UAF had their silly banners confiscated and destroyed by concerned members of the public and had to eventually be escorted from the area for their own safety. Some of the paedophile suspect went round the side of the court for a smoke and were attacked by persons unknown resulting in injuries to several of them before arrests were made. A UAF supporter was allegedly assaulted as well suffering a facial injury.
probably that weird stuff on Big Love
Targets the wrong problem
I also got a kick out of the chocolate fondant headphones (I made mine out of raw cookies), which make the cupcake look a little like Princess Leia. I'll have to remember that, if I ever make Raw Star Wars Cupcakes again.
Then she tells me she’ll be paying the rent and we need to get on the issues with the house because “it’s not in her lease.”
I'm just a girl, lucky me
We have a leader of the day. Sun. is Treston, and Emma is Monday and Thursday, Jax is Tuesday and Friday, and Justus is Wed. and Saturday.
My goal would be to develop a strong, loyal relationship with clients, so we can help each other and negotiate fair rates year round. As a broker, it would be my personal responsibility to bring in as much money as possible. Please reconsider me for the (…position) because I am driven, personable, and professional. I greatly look forward to hearing from you regarding this position.
you know who you are
“…Why don’t you lie on your back, rest on your elbows, and kind of drop your head back?” he said in response to her question.
they could make a clean break
These aren’t spoilers, but general indications of plot points to give you an idea: bodily mutilation, drug-taking (and by a religious figure!), casual sex, assault, mental illness/instability, marital infidelity and prostitution… all infect the episodes.
From prime time documentaries about “undateable” people and autism, through to sitcoms from world-renowned comedians, disability is currently more visible on TV than ever before.
On the way, they met the Bat. They all had the same conversation with the Bat.
Of course, this season is different, it always is. No matter what the other teams in the AL Central do,the Indians need to keep winning series after series. This is especially important within the division. Cleveland fans need to forget about the newly added second wildcard and remember the best way to bring October baseball to our fair city is by winning the division.
Baby don’t you know it’s a big world
All systems are go.
You now the thing that you have been wanting to try out for such a long time now, but you kinda havent gotten there. What you waiting for, now is the time to do it!:)
Then of course there’s the yarn stuff. I have a few (to put it mildly) unfinished projects scattered about the house . . . most of them are winter projects like sweaters and blankets. In May I did manage to finish my Black V-Neck Sweater (Ravelry link) knit in a cotton/wool blend, and I’m very pleased with it.
1. Well, first, you’d probably do some research and see if LRH ever designated anyone as his successor. Given that this person’s other qualifications were in place, they would probably be a top candidate.
All the other players will be leaving between next week, particularly if the prudent Holdsworth has signed them and June 30th (with an extra months pay to boot) if they are on the traditional one year deal. Any new deals will be signed with the 44 week non-league deal as the norm. Even those who are retained will either have to get a job or sign on prior to returning for pre-season training on July 1st.
"Thank you, Joy Renee. I was completely surprised when I saw my name in your list of nominees. My mouth actually made that 'O' shape. I'm truly very honored to accept it. I'm a huge fan of all things Victorian and I think it's a gorgeous design.
Yes, you can build schools in Lyari, conduct employment generation projects, construct homes for people who had theirs flattened in 2010 floods. All problems are rooted in economics. But again, without a massive creation of livelihoods and government commitment to social security, what can this do but serve as a tiny remedy for a very large and pervasive problem. Its hard not to cave to feelings of hopelessness and cynicism -- and coupled by knowledge that political action is weak and tainted, it seems dire.
Zucchini Pancakes
Things don’t always go as planned.
Once upon a time,
So now I have bangs and an asymmetrical bob. Plus a new darker color. The lighter color I had was pretty brassy. I'm loving the new color and all my gray is covered!
Where do we go to get one?
Step 7: Pin on the top and bottom of each section of the bow to make sure it is fully secure.
Do you feel like you have not done enough for the Lord? Like no matter what you do it is not enough? Do you feel empty and a need to be serving more? Are you tired of waiting to go and do, and just want to get out there and love and serve people for the Lord?
I can’t even write much more than this in here anymore (I’m debating on even publishing this) for how it will be used against me, and how much trouble I could potentially be in for risking contact with someone again.
Nothing you say is true?
Immediately, I decided I wanted to do something scientific or medical related instead, and being really into the TV show CSI at the time Forensic Science was appealing, but also Medicine as due to my families multiple medical problems I had been learning a lot about several medical conditions (cardiology and neurology mainly). Strange thing about this career choice was that I had ‘hated’ science at school, and I also had a problem of fainting at the sight of blood… Still, I enrolled on a Biology A Level course. Part way through the course I gained my first ‘real’ job which just happened to be as a Casework assistant for the Forensic Science Service (my dream job at the time…). I hadn’t been in the job 6 months before I went off ‘sick’ with stress and depression (It was actually a BPD crisis, but I was undiagnosed at this point). I left the job in the end due to pressures at home.
In the meantime, though, we are in trouble. America is a winner-take-all election system in which a party needs only 51 percent (or, in a three-way race, a plurality) in order to gain control.
Who knows the best way to explore space—the government or the market?
geologists were quick to call for
At our Thurday meeting it was resolved that four members of committee, Wahinya Boore, John Maina Mwangi, Melissa Awero and Maina Chege would travel to Jeff's home and handover the cash collected officially to the custody of Jeff's parents and the local funeral committee. As this story broke, those individuals were already en route to Muranga County.
Sitting here reminded me of the hour stolen before teaching last Thursday: writing the scene where this elusive character revealed himself, pulling the long unused key to his parents’ house from his wallet, his men turning away in denial of how his hand shook, scraping the brass face of the lock before he could turn the key. The house of the death he’d caused, the main character still thinking him a victim while the shear act of turning away had revealed to him that his closest friends had thought him at fault all along.
Too few of us feel drawn to help our kinsmen or our actual neighbors.
And that broke my heart when I realized how badly I had broken your heart. How I had ignored your needs and wants for my own. You were always, always giving your Self away but never, ever taking anything for your Self in return.
Ha! I was surprised to find this, the first time I had any inkling that Berkshire had quoted my Ale Street News column from 2009 on the lack of respect pale ale gets from the geekerie. It's fun to see your name on a label; hell of a lot more fun than on a wanted poster, I assume!
I have wanted to make monogram cards for a while now. I decided today was the day. This is a 4x4 card. I cut the two squares on it from George and Basic Shapes, the scalloped square is from Winter Woodland and the M is from Paper Lace. The black layer is embossed with D'vine swirls, which is probably my favorite Cuttlebug folder, the Ribbon is from Michael's. I clearly went for the "faux" stitching and used my black Sakura Jelly Roll pen for that. They are simple, but I love how they turned out.
In a large heavy soup pot, heat a couple tablespoons of olive oil and add the onions. Sprinkle on some salt, stir around and turn the heat to medium. Stir often, till they soften and turn a bit golden. Add the chopped garlic and fry till you can smell it. Stir in the squash chunks, the stock and the can of tomatoes with their juice (if you're using canned tomatillos, add them now). Bring to a boil and simmer for 20 or so minutes, until the squash is very soft. Add the chipotles and the roasted tomatillos, and simmer it all together briefly.
It’s important to remember that evolution doesn’t mean that we’re different than other animals – it just means we’re the latest model… the ‘upgrade’. All that old programming is still a part of us, whether we’re comfortable with that fact or not – (just look at a fetus in the womb… or any bar filled with people who’ve had to much to drink)! So what does this all add up to? I propose that perhaps porn is so interesting, to so many of us, because it taps into that primal, pack, tribal part of us that has not been left behind simply because of our modern choice of housing. And if that’s the case, then it’s natural for us to be interested in seeing and hearing others have sex.
Hopefully there are still some Mythik Readers out there ;) So here's the deal: April has slipped away in the blink of an eye, just like March did, because my schedule has been extremely busy. I did finish a screenplay for a paranormal thriller and have been doing multiple re-writes. Writing for the silver screen is a bit different than writing a novel, of course. The rewrites aren't just for plot or characterization, but also fall along the lines of "our special effects department needs more info to make the blank" or "we can't afford to do that" etc. But it is definitely fun.
Summer heat is finally coming to an end. 2011 went down in the records books as one of the hottest. Many are looking forward to the cooler weather of fall and time to focus on outdoor projects. Designing a new landscape for a nice relaxing place after a long day is a project better undertaken in the fall here in Phoenix.
Complete chapter 2 of episode 1.
Hansel and Gretel: Witch Hunters also stars Famke Janssen and Peter Stormare, will be directed by Norwegian director Tommy Wirkola, and is due for release in Australia on the 1st March 2012. The UK and US will follow on the 2nd March.
He thought for a few minutes. Still using his angry clipped words he said sounding both flabbergasted and sarcastic:
We of course were also both subjected to a series of tests including blood work, ultrasounds and a few that I won't mention here but any seasoned IF'er would know just what I am talking about. Bottom line, no tests are fun but they are a means to an end. All came up fairly clear so we were given the go ahead!
Van Der Sar will always be remembered by United fans for his heroic performance in Moscow in 2008 at the Champions League final. His save from Nicolas Anelka’s penalty in the shootout was what gave Manchester United their third European Cup in the club’s history and Ferguson’s second.
What is worth noting (though Eyewear in principle supports the mass distribution of poetry to newspaper readers at all times) is that this is completely a list taken from Faber and Faber's stable of poets. Now, they also publish Frost, Dylan Thomas and Wallace Stevens, in the UK, so Faber's top ten would still have been very admirable. And one might have added Lowell, Moore, Berryman and even Thomas Hardy, and they'd have been Faber, too. Ditto for W.S. Graham. Yeats seems curiously missing here - isn't he the greatest 20th century poet? Where is Hart Crane, or Langston Hughes? Other women, besides the iconic Plath? Post-colonial "voices"? An Australian, an Indian, a Canadian...
So, I'll see you in seven days or thereabouts and leave you with last Tuesday's Podrophenia, featuring a live acoustic session from special guest and former The Shopkeeper Appeared artist - Andy J Gallagher..
(* Kadyos are those beans similar to red beans.)
Leesha: "Hey, why do you get another dessert?"
I received a copy of Snow Leopard in the mail so that I can move my MobileMe account to iCloud. A Snow Leopard 10.6.3 DVD and a thick multi-language Software License Agreement booklet are packed in a brown padded envelope.
ME: What can I do for you?
As a proud Beach resident, I am always reminding people of the unexplored joys of The Beach. While my neighborhood is technically called the Outer Sunset, I think that the neighborhood is so dominated by The Beach that its entire identity is eclipsed by it. With the hills jutting up from the Beach, almost every household has a view of the Pacific. You need to get over a dozen blocks away from The Beach to avoid getting sand blown into your house. The onshore winds likewise blow the sound of the pounding surf up the hills into open windows. The Beach is everywhere, and amidst the cool cafes, parks, and cultural vibes, it’s the best and most definitive part of the area.
Happy fashion week.
5) “You’re working too hard at your job.” or “This fertility stuff is your only focus! You need a distraction.”
Then Kari and Julia went home, and Kim and I went to the older boy's practice. We watched CPT and Hunter and Tom. It was a good time. We stayed for the uniforms to be passed out and got their schedules. And yeah, it was 9pm by the time we left the field. Holy crap!
Nothing like a couple free stencils, an extra glass ornament, and some Martha Stewart glitter to
What is the point of an ultrasound? The only thing this could possibly be for is to wave it in the woman's face and say, "SEE? It's a BABY!" There's no medical need to do that.
Coloring/Ink: Copic markers, Crackle paint and Memento ink (Rich Cocoa).
Line after line.
Parmesan-Pepper Cornbread BiscottiOmit jalapeno. Substitute 1 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese for the Pepper Jack. Add 2 teaspoons pepper and 3/4 teaspoon chopped fresh rosemary to food processor in Step 1. Proceed as directed.
There is a lot I tolerate about my cats but one thing drives me crazy. They catch live things and bring them home to chase. Usually, if I hear commotion or a high pitched squeak, I'll come over, with resigned face and no longer even bothered to bring the catchy cup with me, scoop a little unfortunate furry and release it at the back of the garden with a caution to try and not get itself caught again. I'm cross when I have to do this and even crosser when I don't realise one such furry had been let loose around the house and I find mouse droppings and a decomposing mouse some weeks later after a several days of saying "Something IS dead around here, I can smell it, now where IS it?".
There was a recent article in the NY Times that discussed the potential impact of digital editions of books on mega booksellers, such as Barnes and Noble. The article noted that, as in the film "You Have Mail" the romantic comedy which had Tom Hanks' "Fox Books" book chain pushing Meg Ryan's "The Little Shop Around the Corner" out of the book business, digital books sold online at lower prices may now be threatening the large book chains with their relatively high mortar and brick overheads, in the same way the big chains previously muscled the little book stores out of business.
Now there was the curious study in 2007 by Professor Manuel Garzon of Spain's Granada University, which found people that beer had a slightly better hydration effect after exercise than water, which excercise psysiologists immediately called into question, given the diuretic effect of alcohol. Dave Munger in his blog Science Based Running could not find any peer reviewed article by Garzon on the subject, suggesting that Garzon's findings did not pass scientific scrutiny. But Munger did find a scientific article from 1997 which found that drinks containing 2% or less percent alcohol had no significant diuretic effect on recovery, while there was a slight negative effect on re-hydration on drinks containing 4% alcohol. Virtually all beers, with the exception of low alcohol beers, contain more than 4% alcohol. Lagers, pilsners, Kolschs and other "lawn mower" thirst quenching beers typically check in at about 5% alcohol per volume.
This isn’t about the movie, but I would quickly like to address some of the buzz I’ve been hearing regarding kids reading this “violent” series of books or being allowed to read and see this while not being able to see other things. First of all, does anyone remember reading The Lord of the Flies? That’s not exactly a Disney fairy tale, so enough said about the reading part. As for the movie thing, all I can say is that the violence portrayed in Bully is presumably real and that’s why I think it got the rating it did, but do I agree with children not being able to see it? Absolutely not. They see worse every day on the news and in the streets.
if I touch
Bowness-on-Windermere is a bustling kind of place so everything remains open even during public holidays and weekends. The nearby towns of Ambleside, Lakeside, Keswick, Grasmere, and Cartmel are also popular and shops and restaurants and other amenities remain open during public holidays and weekends. For aficionados of sticky toffee pudding, the place to visit is Cartmel, where the the famous Michelin restaurant, L’enclume (www.lenclume.co.uk), attracts gastronomes from far and wide. Meanwhile, gingerbread lovers should head to The Grasmere Gingerbread Shop (www.grasmeregingerbread.co.uk) and try its take on these biscuits.
Mix all ingredients together...
NORTH
Leviticus 10:6 follows the destruction of Nadab and Abihu after they brought zur (strange, unauthorized) fire before the L-RD. Both men were destroyed by fire because of their disobedience. Psalm 21 describes a similar destruction by the Just Judge from Whom nothing is hidden. He discerns the heart (1 Kn 8:39) and gives according to our deeds. (Jer. 17:10)
Now in darkness world stops turning
He replied, "It was 'stumble.'
OMG, their burger is so juicy and fresh (look at the lettuce and tomatoes)! And the bread is very soft, too! It tastes fantastic with their own special Shake Shack sauce!
I even crocheted a little heart. See HERE if you want to make one too. It didn't take long, just about 5 minutes and I'm not that experienced in crocheting. I didn't know what kind of sentiment to add then noticed the name of the DP I was using. You know, on 12x12 sheets there is that little perforated part you can tear off and it has the paper line and info on it. That's what I used.
If you want to give yourself an added challenge (optional and included in the word count), make reference to a mirror in your post.
Yea - most of these I think you had to be there for, but nonetheless.... There's some quotes for the time being to keep y'all going... I think summer breeds more awkward moments and words out of my mouth. OR, maybe I'm just getting smarter with my word choice, as are others! Ok... nope.
Will: 5 girls actually. Sorry, it was 5 not 2.
A revelation that when it comes to blogging everyday, Angelina is still a baby. Besides that, the rise of the total of my followers (thanks so much!). In fact, that's the reason I keep going in the challenge. There are people who look forward to read my entries and I won't let them down :)
Iceland ranks: 3rd (53,472)
Introducing the WX10000.1, KICKER’s ultimate power play in car audio. Code name Warhorse, the WX10000.1 Signal-Modulated Subwoofer Amplifier is a massive marvel – more than 10,000 true watts surging to dual-voice-coil subwoofers with the highest power-handling capabilities…. Read More >>
I remember when I was little girl, my mom would never tell me ahead of time when we were going to the doctor. She would just put me in the car under the guise of going somewhere else and then we would end up at the doctors office. I'd scream and holler but was promised a sucker for being good so that made everything better.
Patrick Breen is wonderful as the eccentric and anachronistic Nick. His Texan dialect – which helps to play into the Americana of the entire film – is pitch perfect, and he plays his character with absolute sincerity. Breen also has a charisma about him that is perfect for Nick, which is a nod to an excellent casting decision. Alexandra Chando plays the 16-year-old Gloria with just as much charisma and sincerity as Breen, but is that much eerier simply because of the age of her character. Chando, although a 25-year-old actress, is able to play a high school girl believably, and gives the role a sense of maturity that might otherwise be missing with a younger actress. Though both Richard Bekins and Betsy Aidem do well with what they’re given, and share an excellent chemistry as the mother and father, it would’ve been great to see their roles developed a bit further.
ELICIA BERGER is a freelance writer, editor, and storyteller. By day, she writes smart-sounding things for the United Nations and the Huffington Post. By night, she spews her various neuroses onto the page to delight and appall readers and audiences alike. She can be seen performing in various storytelling shows throughout the city such as RISK!, TOLD, and The Liar Show. To learn about Elicia's upcoming shows, check her out at eliciaberger.com.
Could this be why “The Obama Narrative” has “Obama’s” mother arriving in Indonesia, when “Barry” is that age?
The general direction of your life, although obviously a constant motion, is never quite clear. Often times one thinks he or she is moving a certain direction, when actually the route they are on is simply a path towards an completely different direction. Sometimes you must head West to eventually go South. The idea here is that rather than spending time determining the direction, spend time discovering how you fit in and interact with what makes the route unique in itself.
To have the country we all love so much to go down this road.
The last recorded annual statistics show that Barnet has had the highest number of deaths of any London borough from road accidents, and the second highest number of injuries.
At no point does it feel malicious, or even trolling. As I say, only the part where he laughs at the people who took part was I even remotely offended. In fact, I was tempted to just let the whole thing pass by. However, as it became the topic of discussion and did directly involve me I didn’t want to do that. I wanted to address it and in doing so I still don’t have a clear picture of why it bothered him to the point of over two minutes of discussion (and for those who don’t think that’s much time, time the next radio newscast you hear and realize how much is normally talked about in two minutes).
The department stores make downtown Brooklyn look like something out of a Disney cartoon with their colorful windows and tinseled displays. Gay lights and ornaments are on every floor and there isn’t anywhere you walk that you can’t sense the coming of the great day.
LEGAL
One romance editor at St. Martin’s Press is actively looking for romantic suspense and paranormal romance. Interestingly enough, this desire to add more romantic suspense to a list seems to be universal (me too, me too). The key, I think, is to make sure your hook is there and your suspense is strong, and a little scary. Think Allison Brennan, one of the newest stars in this genre. If she’s the hottest new thing then that’s what everyone else is looking for. Okay, back to St. Martin’s . . . they have a lot of werewolves and vampires and this editor would rather see something fresh. She’s not a fan of futuristic or fantasy titles, but likes beasts and creatures and especially demons. She wants a new twist on vampires and werewolves. She would also like to see (like everyone else) heartwarming women’s fiction that could cross over into romance. Think Debbie Macomber.
Mekons - Original Sin - 1985
I also use Bob as my personal trainer but will switch to Gillian once the 12 week fat burning programme has finished. I changed it to 60 mins this week and I nearly threw up. I have had the return of this irritating head cold/cough so didn't do my Wii dance today but hope to do the The Biggest Loser tomorrow. Its bugging me now as I do love my exercise.
_____Still waiting for my prince to come and rescue me.. and pound me endlessly into the night. ;)
teaching, and for error. They wanted the priesthood to be restored, but
“They found it of their own accord, son. I had not wanted them to try their luck at it, and Ibis nearly perished from his effort with it. He had his arm frozen solid, but fortunately the difficult one over there”, she said gesturing toward Hermel, “was able to heal him, grace be from Minvar.”
In reviewing books for inclusion in the food chain post, I decided not to focus on nonfiction works about the food chain, but rather picture books and poetry. I was particularly taken with What's for Dinner?: Quirky, Squirmy Poems from the Animal World, written by Katherine B. Hauth and illustrated by David Clark.
4. Hawaiian Wedding Song
For some reason the universe presented me with enough people and interventions along the way so I wasn’t damaged. How the people saw through the cracks in her facade used to mystify me.
It really is the Best Medicine.
Dirt and death, redemption, sunshine and life. They are all out there. Put your tongue out and taste them, some are sweet, some are ever so bitter. But they flavour life. Fear, and anger, lust and craving, they are out there too. Walk in the rain, feel it lash your face. Hold up your hands, let the rain fall on them and feel the chill. Then lick the rain from your fingers. Taste the salt and the dirt.
Forget what you have been have been told, fed or think you know about animals, they are honorable, loyal simplistic creatures who ,s mother is the earth goddess Gaia. they are here to help us evolve, heal and protect us and their loyalty to this god given task is unquestionable despite the pain and hurt mankind inflicts upon them.
Democrats took a shellacking, but the big loser was the Untied (no typo) States of America, with the electoral map now looking like a big red blob with thin blue parentheses on both coasts.
Yoochun tried to make Junsu comfortable with him. He ask to vampire elder how to make a vampire like him not so often drink human blood.
Pink earrings: Simply Jo Designs
I think one of the first things that people think of when they think about Italy is FOOD! The pastas, the pesto, the bread, the wine, the cheese, pizza, the decadent desserts, gelato! Because there are so many amazing things to say about the food in Italy I decided to dedicate an entire blog post on the food that I ate while I was there.
And it took me two weeks of intense and exhausting work to suddenly have an epiphany of what my book is about. I had thought about all kinds of different themes - truth, love, validation, hope, etc. But then today it hit me, my book is about FREEDOM! It's about being free from the prison of abuse, the prison of the aftermath of abuse, which can last a lifetime. And only you can make the choice of breaking free of that prison, to release the shame by speaking your truth. I'm beginning to realize that writing this book, may just open up a prison for me too.
One of the most impressive and enjoyable parts of the film is how Stoller manages to find the humor not just in what is happening on screen, but in the language of film itself. Often, the funniest moments of ENGAGEMENT are the beats between the scenes: the comedy of montage, the way a scene continues far past the point of necessity – all of it. It is not enough to make each individual scene funny through its content. It must be funny in its form, as well – a violation of expectations.
Our race has done more good in this word than any other yet born, and we must not die, we shall not die.
How I will go about pursuing any of this is beyond me, but at least I can say I now have a bucket list.
Now we live just around the corner from this road; one which I occasionally walked down to get home from school if I missed the bus. It's a tree lined road filled with large detached houses with beautiful gardens that I used to admire; an area I really never thought I could afford to live in.
Deion will be 12 next week...how did THAT happen...my baby, but its impossible to know what to get right after Xmas.
oppose John Maynard Keynes!
The condescension isn't particularly shocking -- it's commonplace. (Even the "I'm sure all those books are well written" part is condescending. Why should they all be well-written? Find me one genre of books in the publishing industry where every single book is well-written. Children's literature has the same range of quality as every other genre.) What's more surprising is that the New York Times considered this printworthy.
2C) Mountain Climbers
I armed myself with lots of periodical inspiration but everything just seemed so damn expensive (especially when faced with a new mortgage). And the choices were once again, so daunting. So before you know it a month turns into 6 months which turn into a year and suddenly you've been living in a place for 3 years, all the while making excuses about "we just haven't gotten around to it".
(2) Everyone agreed that the Federal Circuit (uncharacteristically) focused on factual issues in the case. The court normally bemoans appellants that rehash factual issues instead of arguing the law, so everyone was surprised that they spent so much time on the facts.
First up on the honey do list? The Bug's room....I've got some much much overdo projects for her nursery as we make the (VERY SLOW) transition to a big girl room (tear, tear, tear). I am a few steps ahead of myself here, but I am tackling some artwork that I want to hang, including some by the Bug herself, and I am painting a mini tea table for her since her newest fave activities are drawing and painting......next on the list is building some shelving for her (ever expanding) closet, and getting all of her clothes (NB-present) in Rubbermaids and organized by season and size.
Anyway, so far, 3 hours of training, so good. Another 30 or 35 hours to go. I'll post updates as I fly.
But rather what you gave away to succor the distressed, for what you gave with charity, for that you will be blessed.
So, here we are in Singapore. Of course the first thing we do is head out to look for food. (Actually, I lie. The first thing we do is sleep lots to recharge after the massive week that was). Already we've hit the food court at the shopping mall next door and the local nasi lemak joint. (Note : You will probably see a lot of posts featuring shopping malls because Singapore has a lot of them!).
Here’s to having a plan… and following through with it.
The effort was so incommensurate with the result. The bright hopes of youth had to be paid for at such a bitter price of disillusionment. Pain and disease and unhappiness weighed down the scale so heavily. What did it all mean? He thought of his own life, the high hopes with which he had entered upon it, the limitations which his body forced upon him, his friendlessness, and the lack of affection which had surrounded his youth. He did not know that he had ever done anything but what seemed best to do, and what a cropper he had come! Other men, with no more advantages than he, succeeded, and others again, with many more, failed. It seemed pure chance. The rain fell alike upon the just and upon the unjust, and for nothing was there a why and a wherefore.”
"The Creators drew light from the universe, as pure and hard as any diamond. They crushed it underfoot and scattered it onto a young earth as tiny grains of sand, forging a desert without beginning or end.”
I squeezed myslef
Our theme this week is "Mother's Day!". Make a project for a special lady in your life, whether it's your mom, sister, grandmother, aunt, friend--and use her favorite color!
And, when we called in this morning, the nurse told us he took his first bottle this morning. Only 5 ml (so a tiny amount) but she said he did very well - paced himself, sucked strongly, and didn't have any breathing problems during or after! I can't wait to see this in person!
Nelson Mandela Bay is known by many names; so many in fact that its hard to keep up with all of them: The Friendly City; The Windy City, Algoa Bay, The Bay, and until 2001 it was known as Port Elizabeth.
Also I URGE you to try both of Marble's belgian style beers. The chocolate dubbel is utterly brilliant and I really can't get enough of it. It is quite simply as good, if not better than most of the dubbels I've ever drank, ultra complex nuttiness interplays with caramel and chocolate bitterness and Marble's signature hoppy length. The tripel is also right up there, a truly beautiful drink that's all biscuit and restrained floral notes, super body and long dry finish.
Thank you again, Matt and Tig, for a very enjoyable day.
This past April, Keith was doing some research for something his company was going to start implementing, and ran across a blog that listed companies that were hiring. One of them happened to be a very well known company. Keith clicked on it, and it listed it's location as Santa Monica, CA. Interesting. So he clicked again, and the qualifications needed was his "exact" skill set. Interesting. He applied and sent his resume thinking that nothing would happen of it. He expected a "thank you but we're only looking at local candidates" type of response.
So she thought.
I love that I can teach my kids at home and that I can share the word of God and his love for them all day!
Anyway, there are a lot of great beers coming out of of the new New Glarus Brewing Company, but I might as well start with a couple I don't care for very much. Lots of times around here you'll hear people say, "Oh, I like the New Glarus Spotted Cow." Well, I really don't like the Spotted Cow, not because there's anything wrong with it but because it's pretty light and (to me) non-descript ale. But as we say here on CBR, de gustibus non est disputandum. I also did not care for their Edel Pils, which I thought was a bit out of balance to the bitter side of things and had a kind of overbearing malt presence. But, this beer has won its share of awards, so that may just be my personal taste speaking.
The supremely gifted craftspeople who work this palpable magic in the brewhouse are surely not the very same individuals who toss around lunatic marketing concepts like paper planes over in the office.
For a rich gloating friend, to knock them down a peg
Stridentism (estridentismo) was a literary, artistic, and cultural movement founded in Mexico in the 1920s by poets Manuel Maples Arce, Germn List Arzubide, and Salbador Gallardo, prose writer Arqueles Vela, painters Fermin Revueltas, Ram-n Alva de la Canal, Leopoldo MZndez, and Jean Charlot, and sculptor Germn Cueto. This book is a wide-ranging study of Stridentism that emphasizes the multifaceted nature of its contributions and addresses key debates in this period of Mexican cultural history.
So anyways I just wanted you guys to have a peek at the first two (Uncompleted, see? No borders and the cake board is rather... White.) tiers of my entry for the cake competition.
I came in to the interview sessions thinking that I will be more than happy with any of these four finalists taking my position because I know they fill the qualifications. But, the more I thought about it, the more concerned I became. In my mind I have this image that it’s probably like passing a torch: I don’t want them to just keep it alight, but to set it ablaze to serve its purpose of being a guiding light and support to the students it serves. That might be quite dramatic imagery just for a job but I think this position has grown dear to me especially since my time is close to over.
1-2 tbsp sweet chilli sauce (optional)
Also remember this is your last chance to enter
Thanks so much for inspiring us today, Sabrina! It's beautiful!!
Ladies, I'll be sending emails to both of you. Thanks to everyone for entering!
I also like to identify the fields of photography. This helps myself and the photographer. I know what skill set they need, and it allows me to target photographers who can teach me skills I am interested in learning (like studio, location, product, celebrity portraits, commercial, etc.). If I am looking for a specific experience I can target the photographers in that field of interest.
When things do quieten down, I am amazed to see medics sitting in small groups, bible in hand. Words are falling on fertile land everywhere. Another piece of the Lords way falls into place. God has a plan with everything. His way…not ours. Why is this repeated over and over again and again I am still surprised by it.
a long-dead god, marching
Fast forward a few months. I was in the bathroom filing my nails (like any good employee). Another girl came in and said "my friend James has a crush on you." Not knowing whether this was a joke or the 2nd grade, I laughed, pretending I was uninterested and didn't know who James was. The truth: I knew exactly who this boy was, had the same grade school crush on him and from that point on ran past his desk (he was no longer a cubicle nomad) with my head down.
My book review: On Stranger Tides by Tim Powers (Here be spoilers)
128 hours of OCS lab
Because I love you, my dear
Etape 5:
Another option is possible fines, the clubs would be fined a suitable amount considering their position in the Football pyramid (so they wouldn’t be fined as much as if the same thing had happened with Man United and Man City) and both clubs have alright financial standing for League Two clubs so a fine wouldn’t hit either drastically.
"Any news then Betty? Have I missed anything lately?"
Living in a trailer, with fake paneling, plastic cupboards, shag carpeting, vinyl flooring, aluminum siding and metal slider windows held absolutely no appeal to me.
Happy cooking and happy Blogging!
Drummer and lyricist Neil Peart explained, “In late 2011, my drum teacher Freddie Gruber, towards the end of his long and adventurous 84 years, was reminiscing among friends and former students. Often he would shake his head and say, "I had quite a ride. I wish I could do it all again." That is not a feeling I have ever shared about the past -- I remain glad that I don't have to do it all again. While working on the lyrics for "Headlong Flight," the last song written for Clockwork Angels, I tried to summarize my character's life and adventures. My own ambivalence colored the verses, while Freddie's words inspired the chorus ‘I wish that I could live it all again.”
Then added some pretty embellishments around her.
Nick’s issue with the show also popped up with the Mars episode. In the episode the kids fly all the way to Mars and land at the base of Olympus Mons and then spend the majority of the episode climbing the mountain by foot while Rocket changes shape and drives up next to them. This is where Nick lost it.
Your tip this month –Think about forgiving someone who's close to you.
Just ... gross.
I'm very excited to announce that I have five pairs of tickets to London's Fashion Week to giveaway courtesy of Lavazza the official sponsor of LFW. Please read the information below and make sure you read the terms and conditions - some of these tickets will be for during the week so you need to be able to take time off work. For this reason this competition will only be open until midnight on Sunday 12th February.
“Good evening! I’m in Saitama.(North to Tokyo) I got soaked up in the rain twice yesterday,I couldn’t help it.
The 3M Company (NYSE: MMM), formerly known as the Minnesota Mining and Manufacturing Company, is an American multinational conglomerate corporation based in Maplewood, Minnesota, United States.
Well, I guess that's it for now. Hope everyone has a great week!
Honestly, I could give you all awards. It was really hard to choose just 5. But thank you so much for being my friend and visiting my humble little blog, and thinking what I write is worth reading. I don't know how I made it so long as a writer without the support of the amazing writing blogosphere (that's you).
So, I'm in the Boston metro area for a few days. Anyone live around here that have an suggestions to do after work hours?
Yipppee I am so excited for my post today as it is my first post as a member of the brand new Maggie Lovers Challenges....The challenge blog has been created by the awseome Bron of Shop Bron. For our very first challenge we have got a fairly simple one for you, Christmas (well seeming most of us have new maggies to play with this should not be hard) and then a colour challenge of either red and brown or pink and brown....
Do you want to be an actor or do you want to be an extra on tv, movies and film? Are you a casting director seeking people to be an extra or be an actor in your movie, film or television show?
John Smith’s Grand National, third behind Don’t Push It in the 2010 and fourth behind Ballabriggs in the 2011 renewal. .High Chimes landed
In the second grade we were blessed by a wonderful teacher. She called us in one day and said that she had been working with ADD and special needs children for 15 years and my Aspie didn’t have ADD, she said that she likely had a social disorder, perhaps Asperger’s.
RR: What was the main inspiration lyrically behind the songs that make up The Sound of Things?
And that big dirt hole where the trampoline was located? Now covered with straw bales which will house even more plants. The new berry patch is fenced off with twine in the upper right corner of the yard. Stay tuned for how the big strawbale experiment turns out!
You see potential in all my flaws
God bless you Maria and rest in peace soon we will be together again as a family.
Thursday, March 11, 2010 8:00 PM
2. If you haven't already and would like to, please click here to enter the 400 Posts Giveaway. I forgot that I'm going out of town this weekend to see Danny Bhoy (Scottish comedian), so I won't actually be back until Sunday evening. But I'll draw names when I return.
The cause of the sinkhole is unknown, but officials believe the dry weather conditions experienced in parts of the south could have contributed to the hole.
These are the pencils and stumps I used on the monsters. I just got a pile of the more grey toned stumps that are stamped China instead of Taiwan. I've read people saying one is far better than the other, but to be honest, I can't tell a bit of difference. I'm pretty sure that if you browse through my blog of images, you can't tell the difference either. They feel the same to me and the results are identical.
That is why I find them so important in portrait photography; it can mean the difference between a ‘mug’ shot/boring face image and a portrait with emotion and substance!
and try not to give up on tophatter. it sucks a lot but if you can stay with it and devote the time it requires, its pretty great. IF you can stand the madness. so far so good. barely lol. i almost gave up a couple times, but… im glad i havent at current.
Just want to wish you all a wonderful Holiday Weekend.
Rosemarie DeWitt (actor- Rachel Getting Married)
See the Northern Lights
1 resolved
How often do you just let loose and go kinda nuts in the name of fun?
Winner in the Cottage in the Oaks giveaway!!!
5. Serve the risotto immediately in wide bowls, topped with additional Parmesan cheese and crispy bacon if using.
Thank you, House for making me disclose everything to my doctors and providing wonderful examples of the anti-hero in my classroom. I also have been known to rock your blazer with graphic tee combo to great success. However, the plots are too predictable most of the time and ridiculous the rest of the time.
especially in this competitive music industry.
Depending on how most people feel about recaps, sometimes they can be a helpful refresher of what happened in the series thus far or it can be an irritating break from the main story when all you want to do is keep watching until the end.
Interpretation by the Supreme People's Court of Several Issues Relating to Application of Law to Trial of Cases of Dispute over Copyright on Computer Network
I have nourish’d the wounded and sooth’d many a dying soldier,
In addition, the fourth quarter earnings conference call will be broadcast live via the Internet.
Starting in December instead of January was just step one. I’ve also decided that I’m making my goals public knowledge, not just to my close family and friends but to you, the entire community. Meaning, I’m no longer standing alone, struggling to hold myself accountable against the rest of the world; instead, I’m using the positive thoughts, and inspiring comments from my fellow ladies as fodder for morphing into the woman I intend to be. As Hillary Clinton said, “It takes a village;” not only to raise a child, but also, I believe, to raise a well adjusted, self sufficient, proud, community minded, adult. Women, talk. We do. It’s an inherent fact that young or old, Amish, Hindu, Catholic, or Greek, we, as women seek out others, like ourselves, kindred spirits, to hypothesize, discuss, debate, and gossip about our daily lives, struggles at home, office politics, and soap operas. So why not use that? Why not band together to form a larger support system to hedge the bets in our favor? I’m confident that with each other, we can make some pretty miraculous changes – in the world at large, in our small town communities, and in our own personal lives.
Divide eggs. Beat egg whites with 3 tbsp water until foamy. Slowly add sugar and vanilla, mix for couple of minutes, then add one by one egg yolk. Combine flour, corn starch and baking powder. Gently fold into egg mixture. Pour the batter into a 9 inch (23 cm) spring form cake pan lined with parchment paper. Bake at 365 F (185 C) 20 – 30 minutes. Cool completely and then slice through into two equal pieces.
A pram by the Roberson's.
I was over checking out all of the new spring makeup /fragrances from houses such as DIOR..CHANEL
So, how much did you learn about Ellie?
I have been practicing this lately and someone commented to me just yesterday, "I can't help but be happy in your company." and it reinforced for me that bringing light and seeing light all contribute to a happier space where others are lifted up with you rather than you brought down with them.
I think the trifecta of good looking skin ( outside of avoiding stress and exhaustion hahaha! ) is:
TO MAKE COOKIES: Drop by tablespoonfuls onto a parchment or silpat lined baking sheet. If you do not choose to line your baking sheets, grease them very well. Slightly flatten the cookie dough to keep the cookies level. Bake for about 10 minutes, until the cookies turn golden brown. Let them cool on the sheets for at least 5 minutes before transferring to a wire rack.
When RA patients suffer a flare—which is an escalation of the symptoms of the disease, often resulting in a surge of additional pain, inflammation and in some cases—deformity and disease progression, striving for courage to endure requires a whole new level of inner strength and perseverance. An RA patient does not know the outcome of such an ordeal; sometimes it can be downright scary.
I think these are treadles (this is the back of the loom), and there are six of them, but two are missing the chains that attach them to the things they lift up and down. I think those are the heddles? (Can you tell I know nothing at all about weaving? I ordered a book but it won't be here for a couple of days.)
A lot of what is said in NLP isn't so much a fact as a provocation to think in a new way.
Robert Woods (WR USC)- We featured Woods in our top WRs, but he really exploded in week one against Minnesota. Making Barkley’s arm look good, Woods is using both his size and speed to make his mark.
Everyone: awkward silence
When I was pregnant with Casper, I decided that if I was going to be a mummy, I needed an extra mumsy cardigan to wear whilst baking banana muffins and wiping snotty noses.
Although billed in many places as a black comedy, this movie, by the writer/director/composer of The Blue Umbrella and Omkara, among others, is an intense drama with lots of tension and little true humor. Priyanka Chopra does an incredible job here of portraying a woman with a hollow center of loneliness and despair that she tries to fill with love. However, every man that she picks to involve herself with is fatally flawed – fatally because she is unable to handle the flaws and therefore kills him. At one point during the film, one character asks another why she doesn’t just walk away from these loser husbands, divorce them instead of killing them? The other character responds with a story. When the Saheb (master) was young, there were two paths that she could walk to get to school. Both paths were equal in length and difficulty. One day, a mean dog started lingering on one of the paths, rushing out to terrify her as she walked. Saheb could have taken the other path, but she didn’t. What she did do was get her father’s Mouser gun, conceal it on her as she walked, and the next time the dog rushed at her, she blew it away. This is not someone who runs away from a problem in the hopes that someone else will deal with it. No, this is someone who leaps blindly and wholeheartedly into relationships, and then, when things go desperately wrong, finishes what she started.
12. Spike
For a moment, everything was still. The three Weaver siblings stared with horror at the bloody black blade. The rain and the battle in the distance were the only sounds. Suddenly, James felt a growing sensation in his heart. Something unrecognizable was appearing, something that he had never felt before. Where his heart had been was now a black star, burning and consuming. Where once his thoughts had been cold and clear, now they were all hot and hazy, like the rain that poured from the fiery clouds.
I SAY: I don't believe a marriage works that way. You don't plan a safety net for if or when your marriage dissolves. I don't plan on my marriage ending so I suppose this is a non-issue for me. Naive? Perhaps. My beliefs? Totally.
“It is extremely important that nothing should be reported which could prejudice the trial.”
CTA makes baseball easy after the game as well. Portable fare machines, lots of extra customer service staff directing fans down to the trains, which were frequent and capable of carrying far more people than the light rail trains I'm used to in Portland. Red Line into town, Blue Line up north and a quick bus ride to the Map Room, where we settled in for the evening. For the baseball Snobs, all this meant no beer until 5:30 pm! Clearly, we needed to work hard to make up for the delay. Dinner was take out, delicious Cubano sandwiches from a few blocks away.
Tomorrow is the first of May, or Bealtaine as it’s known here in Ireland. It’s traditionally the beginning of the summer season, when the animals would be sent out to pasture. In medieval times, they would light giant bonfires in hope of a good harvest that year. Today, we had the gas fire on in the house, not quite the same. I’m hoping for an improvement in the weather, right now it doesn’t feel very much like summer. Although, the sun is peeking its head around a cloud at the moment and the weather forecast tells me it’ll be much drier and milder this week. Fingers crossed.
No apologies, no explanations. This is what you get:
Women: What about the Parisian women? Quite the bag of 'tude eh? Or are we the ones who require re-wiring?
More than a name or a face in the crowd
The second thing is that he's out there in Raleigh Hills where gastronomy isn't quite as ... adventuresome as it is on the Eastside (would Le Pigeon be able to sell pigs feet for $11 as an appetiser on the Beaverton Hillsdale Highway?). In order to make this huge gamble pay off, Gansberg is depending on people to drive out there and drop $15 on a bottle of crazy-ass sour beer. (You can also get it at Belmont Station, eastsiders, as well as John's Market.) But those are the realities of brewing this kind of beer--it's just not possible to spend a year handcrafting this kind of product and sell it for less. I wish him well and I hope everyone who reads this goes out and supports his cause--if for no other reason than to support his further experimentations, which are unique in the state.
to get there
Opposition political parties reacted with anger to Mthethwa's latest "extravagance".
Little did I realise, when I retired from my job back in August 2008, that two years later I'd be kitted out in knee breeches, bells, baldric and rop (that's what they call the spotted neckerchief, apparently), stepping out with Long Man Morris at various venues throughout East Sussex and beyond. And I have to admit, dear bloggy friend, that I find morris dancing curiously addictive. Only yesterday I was dancing Much Wilmington in a freezing car park in Polegate, and next week we'll be in Eastbourne and Alfriston (a pretty little village, and in Hailsham a week after that. So, why, when others are sprawled in front of their TVs, drinking wine and eating chocolate, do I put myself through what is to all intents and purposes a special forces style workout every week? Apart from the sheer enjoyment of the dancing (frustrating though it can be when I can't get the steps right), the motivation is acquisition of The Hat.
ISBN-10: 1607320592ISBN-13: 978-1607320593
Until next week, Get Lost!
I had a great deal of respect for this group, as I noticed it was a way to bridge the gap between different religions, different races, and different socio-economic backgrounds. They taught people how many things they had in common. It was a great plan. Then something must have changed ….
I'm not going to quibble about 0.1%, I'd dive in on that Chancellor. Besides...Lyle said he's also got a Rauch Marzen tapping in a few days, and I don't give a damn what ABV that is; if I get half a chance, I'm getting some!
HOW MANY OF US ARE PRISONERS? DO YOU KNOW… I DONT!
Organisation of Communist Internationalists of Greece (OKDE),
I'm not working right now and have been trying to find things to do with myself and I have rediscovered cooking. Since I have been off, I finally made Tamales. I've only been saying that I was going to learn to make them for about 7 years now! Tamales take an entire day to make. Or two mornings if you want to cook the meat one day and assemble them the next. They turned out to be pretty good for a gringo or a garbacha as my husband calls me, but next time I need to flavor the masa harina a little bit better...definitely needed salt!
Joan Brehl, Vice President, ABC Canada
The grist of the beer is 80% malt, 20% corn. It is aged for months or years and then blended to produce the standard version of the beer (about 5% abv). The straight aged beer is sold as "Grand Cru" is stronger at 6%. None of the traditional Belgian versions exceed 6.2% alcohol by volume. The beer is aged in massive wooden tanks that are scraped between each batch so there's always new wood to season the beer. Finally and most importantly, the yeast, which has funkified through the generations, contains as many as 20 distinct strains (!), including a range of lactobacilli.
ME sufferers and their families hit back after Sun columnist Rod Liddle described the condition as 'a newly invented illness which makes you a bit peaky'
Another out of stock yeast at the LHBS again forced an on the fly substitution. This time I had to use the notoriously slow to finish Wyeast 3724 (DuPont) in place of the well-behaved 3711 French Saison. For the second batch I made sure to buy a package of 3711 in advance AND make a from-the-bottle starter of Dupont yeast (which I've never had trouble with) for a mixed ferment. Now on with the comparison...
He is the way to heaven
Bruschetta–another favorite at my home. I often make this Italian-inspired appetizer several times during the summer by topping garlic-rubbed toasted bread with a mixture of homegrown grape tomatoes and fresh basil tossed in olive oil and seasoned with sea salt. I usually jazz it up with crumbled goat cheese and drizzled balsamic vinegar and enjoy it with my family out on our cobblestone patio. Ah, bliss!
7. Strong desire to order that FREE District Identification Pass from thehungergamesmovie.com. (I decided against this because, Why on earth would I be working as a Ferrier living in District 1?? That’s ridiculous.)
This article is current news but could just as easily have been written in those fairytale believing times from my childhood stories. The Zimbabwean Pastor Togare Mapingure believes in mermaids, but not in a good way. He believes that they are a demonic force responsible for kidnapping, torture and murder.
Anything making you queasy or sick: Nothing comes to mind...
As we lift Jesus up in our lives and accept Him as our Savior, the sweet savor of His sacrifice is lifted up to God. In this God is pleased as he writes our names into the Lamb’s Book of Life, showing us that He is pleased with the sweet aroma of grace. We are the fragrance of Christ. In Him we have our gifts, grace, and comfort. He is the good news which we proclaim to the world. The sweet aroma and fragrance of the sweet presence of Christ in our hearts is made possible by His blood, righteousness, sacrifice, and grace. It is as we find ourselves basking in His glory; forgiven by His blood; that our lives reflect the gift of God in Christ Jesus and we become a sweet fragrance to God. In this we are grateful and well pleasing to the Lord, as we show forth His glory and honor, proclaiming salvation to the world, comfort to hurting and lost and victory to the enemy.
Well, since this is all very new to her. I wanted to be sure to assess what they knew and didn’t, to give Lexi an idea of what to focus on most in the next few weeks. I want to build up their weak areas and help them learn new things – which will help her keep their interest.
I'm not angry or hurt over this, interestingly. I figure this little photo is not my Mona Lisa, is not my defining piece of work. It's a snapshot, taken on a whim. I just didn't know it would be so in demand. I actually like the attention, and who wouldn't? I can point (as I just did) to several places where my work has some worth to someone. Oh sure, I could ask for money for it, but what would that get me? Nothing. No money, and no exposure. No one is going to pay for a photo of a handful of plastic when they can steal it elsewhere. At least this way my name is attached to, oh, maybe a quarter of its use.
In the meanwhile bring 1 cup water to a boil. Add the chopped straberries. Let it cook for a while. Then add sugar. Bring the pot to simmer. Simmer it until the water reduces to ½ the cup. Switch off the flame and add the lemon zest. When the syrup is completely cooled, strain it through a fine sieve.
Unlike the McLaren and Saubers set ups, the Ferrari solution does not appear to have the driver interacting with the duct. Instead the wing is fed with airflow coming from an inlet high up on the engine cover, well away from the drivers reach. It is possible that the there is additional ducting inside the car that does allow the driver to control airflow through the duct. But so far no signs of a driver controlled inlet around the cockpit are evident. It could be Ferraris set up uses pure aerodynamics to affect the duct, by choking at high speed (safely well above the maximum corner speed).
For those in foreign countries you can translate this into your native language and send it to your friends to include them. Just try and stay as close and true as you can to the meaning of this information. You can leave out the testimonials in your translation.
Of major assistance in the writing of this article were the catalogue essay by Hamza Walker, and the televised broadcast of his discussion with the artist, Rebecca Morris, on CANTV.
It's missing the lid but I don't care. It has an adorable booklet tied with a little pink cord.
I was inspired by this Birthday Blessings card by Queen Holly (Toy) I used different images - making mine a new baby card but I used her great design.
140g/5oz plain or dark chocolate
Halloween is my absolute favorite time of year! It’s so much fun that I had to stretch it out into a two-week long celebration of all things creepy and frightening. Every day for 13 days leading up to Halloween, there is something scary good to do. In The Watershed Chronicle’s 13 Days of Halloween, there is a little something to entice even the most hardcore horror fan.
Judith is an incredibly motivated and driven young woman, with numerous awards and nominations to prove it. And the secret to her success; a deep-rooted sense of self-belief. To Judith the most important thing you can do when setting out in business, before knowing about cash flow, or technical skills or even the techniques behind what you are selling, is a true belief in yourself and what you want. Without it you wont get very far.
Left (top to bottom) --
I'd be happy to read your response with greater depth, if you would be so kind as to follow my VERY FUCKING SIMPLE REQUEST #1, in my prior letter to you, titled Paragraphs and Reasoning
#2 Singles: Conner Sexton defeated Macklin Robbins (6-0) (6-2)
What effects could a more conservative Egypt have on Tunisia? They are twofold:
cheney apologizing for his "inbreeding" joke...hey, west virginia this is what they REALLY think about you! cnn online has a video of his speech and apology, but hey...
A second sceptic is used to manipulate the audience into believing, and that’s what the Leanne Rease-Jones character is for. She’s a healer who doesn’t believe in the ghost either, so when she starts acting weird and more or less orders Claire to get her stuff and get out of the Inn, you know that shit is going to happen.
I said nothing. It may have been that I was thinking; but if so, my mind was much too filled with sleep to be conscious of its thought. Instead, I became profoundly aware of my physical surroundings. The sky above my face in all its grandeur seemed to have been made solely for my benefit, and to be presented for my inspection now. I lay upon the ground as upon a woman, and the very air that surrounded me seemed a thing as admirable as crystal and as fluid as wine.
...This CD lives up to the high standards that Dr. Tintner and Naxos have set. I heartily recommend the entire series to all those who are unfamiliar with the composer and to comparative "Brucknerheads".
Age 27 (January 7 1985)
She reached up to squeeze the rainwater out of her short hair. It was almost long enough to curl around her fingers. Time to cut it. It would never again be used as a weapon against her. Thoughts of rough hands tangled in her once-long hair flooded her mind, making her skin crawl. She banished the images to her nightmares, away from the here-and-now where she needed all her wits about her.
Along with finding some great books for a terrific price,
I was just about as beside myself as she was, literally, standing beside herself, to run into a fellow Cincinnati Survivor in the Big Apple.
Includes 6 second record and playback.
Their round proportion embracing all.
What then of our involvement at other levels? If we decide that as Christian doctors we should not participate in the ‘shedding of innocent blood’, then surely this must have implications for other levels of involvement. If we 'participate' by filling out forms authorising abortions, preparing patients for the procedure or referring to others whom we know will do the same aren't we giving tacit approval to the whole process?
The first scenario might be two people bantering back and forth prior to a personal conflict, such as the interchange between David and Goliath in 1 Sam. 17:41-47. A second is the same kind of bantering, only larger in scale, such as one army or its respective leader provoking or threatening another. For example, Ben-hadad II taunted Ahab during the siege of Samaria (1 Kgs. 20:2-9), and Sennacherib verbally provoked Hezekiah during the siege of Jerusalem (2 Kgs. 18:19-28). Regardless of the size of the opposing forces, the purpose of this kind of dialogue is twofold. First, it served to encourage and motivate the speaker; and second, to discourage and demoralize the recipient. Willis sees in Ps. 2, (1) a “…threat of impending conflict…(vv. 1-3), (2) …affirmations of certainty by the speaker that he (and his comrades) will prevail (vv. 4, 6, 8-9); and (3) warnings to the enemy that they will be defeated if they do not surrender…”[2] It may well be that Ps. 2 was read during the coronation of the Davidic King; or more likely, that it was integral to a cult ritual and read on an annual basis; but the historic scenario wherein Yahweh established his regent in the midst of turmoil with an assurance of victory will be crucial to understanding later interpretations of Ps. 2.
I hope everyone is able to observe one (or more!) of these occasions today in whatever way they feel is most appropriate, beneficial, and beautiful!
But I don't do double exclamation marks, that is just wrong.
How do you eat your spaghetti?
I know music appreciation is a subjective matter but I am comfortable calling "Hard Hitter" the best library record I have ever heard. It boggles my mind to think that De Wolfe haven't seen fit to make this collection commercially available, I'm sure it would sell through the roof. So please make it a priority to download this because you never know with the file sharing situation how long some of these gems will be available. And be sure to leave a message for Retro if you enjoy "Hard Hitter" even half as much as I do.
“Unless you’re going to be transgendered one day in which case you’re miserable being a boy named Sam and you really wish you were a girl named Samantha argo you’re a mixed-up chameleon. And really who isn’t???”
﻿I also painted all of the trim in Ralph Lauren Picket Fence, leftover from painting my living room. One day all of the trim and all of the doors in my house will be this shade of white. It's perfect. Crisp and clean but still with a bit of life to it. And can I just say how much I ADORE Ralph Lauren paint? It was a bit thick after sitting in my shed for two years, but still went on smoothly (after much mixing) and was so much easier to apply than drippy, thin Behr. Really wish Home Depot still carried it, but I'd drive an hour (or order online) to get some more Picket Fence.
Addison hung up the phone and got off at the next bus stop. St. Martin’s was only a few blocks away and she could walk there. She scaled the stairs leading to the giant cathedral as quickly as she could.
Here's the basic pattern of my days. Wake up to feed the Bug. Put her in her high chair with a bowl of Crunch Berries. She will eat the red and purple ones, but not the yellow ones, which must be inherent to childhood because I certainly didn't teach her that. Pressure her to eat more quickly so we can hurry to the basement where I can feed the baby, who is hungry by now. Turn on Disney Jr. to entertain the toddler, who will probably empty the toy bin all over the floor while I am tethered to the chair.
What up…
Usually, I get up once a night to go to the bathroom. This is definitely a pregnancy thing. I never woke up FOR ANYTHING before the baby.
Min 11: Or they fell dead from laughter and as they came crashing down on to the keyboard, the cursor was precariously resting over the unfollow button, their body weight accidentally pressed it, and now their souls will never rest as they scream out from hell, “NOOOOOO, I LOVED SWEET MOTHER UNTIL THE VERY END.”
4 T Green Onions thin slided rounds
This is something Sam decided to do all on his own. I only got to read it just now and still haven't heard the audio.
I suggest you respectfully “sit-out” this year’s Thanksgiving week CCHD collection … and donate instead to a proven worthy cause that has not been the source of such extensive, long-term, and largely secret, scandal.
And when the faces look like this - or Jean Dujardin's, for that matter - is it any wonder people thought they were gods?
Promised to Another Book 3
So, here are some things I want to be sure to remember.
It’s not bad, it’s just underwhelming. The animation is beautiful but director Jennifer Yuh Nelson never seems to utilize it, ignoring the potential for elegant kung fu action sequences in favor of close-up gags involving Po’s incompetence or his big belly. Kung Fu Panda 2 has a voice cast or enormous talent, including Angelina Jolie, Dustin Hoffman and Gary Oldman, all of who are fine but ultimately contribute very little. Voices from Seth Rogen, David Cross and even Jack Black himself are really grating in this movie, because even though they are all talented people the anachronism of their voices in an Ancient Chinese setting are irritating to no end. It certainly couldn’t have been cheap to cast Jackie Chan and Jean-Claude Van Damme in roles here and, considering they don’t have a single complete line between them, it was not money well spent. Ancient China is a great setting for a children’s film and it is a shame that it is wasted on this franchise which centers around such an unlikeable main character. Po is not bad but he’s obnoxious to a fault and it spoils what could be a great concept. To the film’s credit I will say that I have a certain affection for the relationship between Po and Mr. Ping, which consistently provides the truly funny and tender moments that are lacking in the rest of the film.
In college, I had an idealistic, socialist professor who had a significant early influence on my architectural preferences. He also colored my interest in art to some degree. He introduced me to Constantin Brancusi, a Romanian sculptor who rose to prominence during the first half of
Starting on the left we have of course THE TEXAS CHAINSAW MASSACRE. Sound by William Bell & Director Tobe Hooper. Another no brainer that shouldn't need explaining. Dutch Oven was cool enough to take the entire movie and dub it straight on to a 90 minute cassette! That's right, the ENTIRE MOVIE, word for word. Even the creepy John Laroquette intro. The only thing more fucked up than watching the movie is LISTENING TO IT.
Insurgents used at least two car bombs to attack the front gate of Green Village before other attackers stormed the gate and got inside the parking lot of the compound, according to one resident of the compound.
Caldwell acknowledged that he's been criticized for saying Bruce Ratner's "like an angel sent from God" but reiterated his belief. Responding to a previous speaker's criticism that there were no jobs for locals at MetroTech, he said of AY, "The project hasn't even started yet, but we have been able to put over 200 people to work."
The only released version of this song was recorded in September 1983 for a Peel session, at the BBC. For whatever reason the band chose to record a full-blown studio version in June 1984 during the "William, It Was Really Nothing" sessions, but never did anything with it (it was meant to be a B-side along with the July '84 "Rusholme Ruffians" recording, backing a proposed-yet-binned "Nowhere Fast" single which also was recorded in June/July 1984). If anything, time gave Moz a chance to get a bit more confident with his vocal, but it's not significantly different overall besides being a bit faster. Still a nice find though...
yep, it has been a LONG TIME since i really have been up to date on my blogging...life seems to get in the way of it....but really, there is really no reason...FACEBOOK is my new favorite place to post stuff but why i do it there and not here, well, i don't know! i SHOULD do it more often here because this is forever and facbook just keeps rolling by....
Just like my real eye colour ^0^
10. Xavier Musketeers
over these United States.
Professional-$999
Special Offer: 2 dividend miles for every 1 dollar spent booking an Interior or Oceanview category, or 3 dividend miles for every 1 dollar spent booking a Balcony or Suite category – that’s DOUBLE or TRIPLE Miles! Book by April 30, 2012 for all sailings departing by December 31, 2012.
The battle is not over, the war wages on. Is the enemy done with me? I doubt it. He is forever seeking to destroy my faith. What is different? I am equppied now to fight the battle with truth that sets me free. I know what to look for, I know how the enemy develops strongholds, and I know how to stop it. I can say with all authority under heaven, in the name of Christ Jesus, I have been healed and made whole. I am free.
This is your brain opening doors and showing you possibilities. Glimpses of what could be. They're telling you your characters *could* be these kinds of people, or your world might be like this. They're inviting you to think long and hard, make choices, sink into the mind of the people whose story you need to tell, to immerse yourself in their world. They're inviting you to walk through as many of those doors as you like, have a curious wander around, then either move in or walk away and close the door behind you.
I bought a ready-made pizza base and a block of mozarella cheese over the weekend.
It is a good thing that we thought of bringing our sat-nav (satellite navigation).
For that matter, could ‘Allah’, too, not be translated?
Since I met you Iâ€™m not the same
The papers are from My Mind's Eye 2009 & 2011 Christmas collections. I painted around the edges with Distress crackle paint and added Snow-Tex for some texture on my main panel. To create some interest, I placed my stamped image on three different layers: a 6" doilie, distressed pattern paper and a piece of corrugated cardboard. This corrugated cardboard was inked using Vintage Photo Distress Ink and then decorated with Cinnamon Stickles.
The album starts out with Nine Inch Nails covering "Zoo Station," which is surprising on several levels. One, I thought Trent Reznor was done with NIN. I guess not? Second, I thought he didn't like U2, although I guess if he liked any of their albums, it would be this one (when it came out, I thought it sounded like U2 were influenced by NIN's debut, 1989's Pretty Hate Machine). Third, NIN's versions is so different. It's much more subtle, and a bit creepier than U2's.
Publisher Audio CD: Brillance Audio
Throughout the investigation, the Scorpio killer knows just the right buttons to push when it comes to the San Francisco Police Department’s most notorious cop. He plays the bureaucrats in City Hall allowing him to not just ask for ransom money twice (the second time after he is able to walk free thanks to Callahan’s abuse of power), but to draw the spotlight on the police department for its archaic police officers refusing to evolve during the era of Miranda and Escobido. This is the most brilliant aspect of Dirty Harry: the film clearly sides -- and wants us to side -- with the idea that revenge is okay when it’s clear that the criminals are guilty; essentially they don’t deserve rights and we need more cops like Callahan that will solve the problem with a .44 Magnum instead of an impartial jury (this theme is explicated in further detail in the great sequel, Magnum Force, where Harry has to come face-to-face with the extreme of what critics had to say about his character in this film). What’s fascinating is that no matter what your belief system is -- politically or morally -- and no matter how aware you are critically that what Callahan does is wrong, you still find yourself rooting for Callahan to get the killer by any means necessary. After all, it’s a film, and it is through film that we project our deepest fears and secrets and exorcise a lot of the things we may not be so keen on letting other people know we feel, or, better, would allow ourselves to feel; in the case of Dirty Harry: violence as a means of justice.
2 pieces 2½"x2½ CS scored at ½ all the way around. Cut up and adhere to form base and top.
We used the feather/fern fabric for the underside of the quilt. It really ties in all the other colors nicely.
Reserve your appointment today, limited availability on Black Friday & Saturday!
Fashion being nature’s early adapter has even found a buzzword – transitional wear - for such style limbo. This clothing sub-set is often overlooked for its outwardly functional appearance, but as my mother would say ‘when all fruit fails, welcome haws.’ Hence the perennial popularity of wellingtons and parkas long after the power supply has been turned off at Electric Picnic. It’s a bit like a circuit breaker - these sensible basics keep one grounded in said seasonal surges. Reassuringly practical.
I'd tell you which ones, but I'm not at liberty to say.
We are invited, naturally, to think of Proust's A la recherche du temps perdu and Knausgaard has a similar disregard for chronology, his interest lying more with microscopic details, digressions into the place and purpose of art and a desire to conquer the greatest fear/fascination of all: death. If you want plot then look elsewhere. All that really happens in this book is a teenage boy drinks and goes out with the wrong girl and, when a grown man, clears the house in which his father died (and his grandmother still lives). Having 'nigh on imbibed' Proust's masterpiece himself and spent much of his life thinking about the past Knausgaard finds himself on marriage number two with a young family and barely thinking about it at all - 'I believe the main reason for that is our children, since life with them in the here and now occupies all the space. They even squeeze out the most recent past: ask me what I did three days ago and I can't remember.' Perhaps that too is why time no longer seems like a linear journey and why this book follows a different structure. In searching for an image to illustrate this different view of time he alights on a a boat being raised in a lock - 'As time seeps in from all sides our life is essentially the same with only he details changing, and the wait is for the moment when the sluice gates open and real life moves on.'
Midwinterblood by Marcus Sedgwick
Designer Paper - Creative Imaginations
For Cinnamon Rolls, divide dough in half. Roll into a rectangle about 8 inches by 12 inches. Spread softened butter over dough except for ½ inch all the way around the edges. Sprinkle with cinnamon sugar. Roll from long edge and cut into 2-inch sections. Place rolls spiral side down into a well-buttered cake or pie pan.
There are superficial similarities between the situation in Western Europe now and the one in the 5th century, when a decadent civilization was overrun by the barbarians. The population movements we are witnessing now are the largest and fastest in human history. In Europe, they can only be compared to the period often referred to as the Migration Period, following the disintegration of the Roman Empire. Yet we now have communications that can transport people anywhere on earth within hours, and media outlets that show ordinary people how much better life is in other countries. On top of that, the Romans didn’t have human rights lawyers advocating that millions of outsiders should be allowed to settle in their lands.
In New York, Don Vito Corleone worries about his children’s future. His three youngest kids (Michael, Fredo, and Connie) attend school while his adopted son Tom Hagen goes to college, but alienates lunatic Luca Brasi. However, Vito is upset with his oldest offspring seventeen year old Sonny. He wants Sonny to become a businessman, but his son prefers the old fashioned violent way to affirm he is next in line to run the family business. The Don knows his son is too ragingly violent to head the family though he lectures him to know when to use your heart instead of always your gun or fists. Meanwhile in the boroughs, Corleone’s enemy Giuseppe Mariposa teams up with Emilio Barzini and Phillip Tattaglia to destroy the family.
"Glorious Times A PICTORIAL OF THE DEATH METAL SCENE 1984-1991"
6. My SUV
But it also has led to an influx of protestors and other public figures who claim to want to make a difference. Think Linda Ronstadt. Or Shakira. And now Jeff Adachi.
Because that 1% of books is what self-publishing was made for, and what will, ultimately, once Amazon has squeezed the regular “indie” authors back into the New Model Mainstream, be the ultimate reputation-saver for self-publishing.
If the answer to most of these questions is no, it’s a safe bet to assume you’re in an office. That said, if your answer to most of these questions is yes, and you know you’re in an office, it’s safe to assume you might need a new job.
There are many sheep whose inclination is to wander off from the flock and become prey for predators, to be obstinate and un-teachable, to butt and bite the other sheep, to become “cast down” so that they can’t get up without help, or to become sickly from eating the wrong food.
Easy to say hard to do.
That is all everyone and Edward will be back with you tomorrow.
Sometimes ending like this can feel a little clichéd, wrapping things up too tidily. But it is not the case with this collection – Dennison’s finishes with loops and knots pulled so tightly that she grips the reader right down to the very last word.
The Art or Idiocy? team ran into a bevy of Chicago art luminaries, including a trio from the Art Institute museum. Robert Hudson, Associate Director of Visitor Services, mentioned how Dick Blick has had branding issues, particularly with their online catalogue. Hudson asked a sales associate about why some stores are called "Dick Blick" and others just "Blick." The new one on State is "Blick Art Materials." "Where's the 'Dick'?" he had asked. “Their email can’t have ‘dick’ in the address because spam filters think it is porn,” he reported.
A new report by the World Intellectual Property Organization (WIPO) analyzing IP trends in 2008 and 2009 suggests that innovative activity and demand for IP rights dipped during the global economic crisis, but began to recover this year.
D3 – Bones
Don't tell me it moves at a rapid clip. Anyone who writes 33 word sentences is immediately dis-membered from the Rapid Clip Club.
-closure of hospitals
Here is a peek of what I saw behind my lens recently.
I was, however, very lucky to have a natural flare for drama and always had leading roles. This was where I found a natural elation, especially when making people laugh… for those moments I felt I belonged. Due to my success in the school shows, it actually caused other pupils to dislike me and so the bullying began.
It's not perfect, or pretty yet, but it's a few steps in the right direction at least. And I think it was Courtney King Dye who said, "It usually takes a bit of ugly to make pretty."
£10.4m profit before tax up 77.1% - includes profit on sale of free trade business
I bite my nails instead of smoking cigarettes. I'm one of those with an oral fixation. My fingernails are small to begin with. However, after this whole skin peeling, swollen hands thing started, my nails have been weird. My pinkie nail is just about gone.
Not all people agree that nakedness is the will of God. So they remain clothed. Most do not want to be nude in a world of sin and evil.
Steel hammering plate
I made a flower using a piece of circle felt and blanket stitches sewn with Peapod twine and then added a button as the flower center. I really like how this turned out!
as a poet, a lover, a dandy, a lost cause, a punk, a dreamer, an artist, a human being,
“The girls at lunch had a lot to say, apparently.”
At the beginning you are given noise-cancelling headphones and a pair of goggles, inside which is projected a film. Once deprived of all other senses you are put in a wheelchair, as per careful instructions from the headphones, and witness the story. The soundtrack tells you where to look, how to move, what to expect, and the video plays in front of you, within the frame of the goggles. Occasionally there's some physical stimulus - a quick spray of alcohol, mirroring an event in the film, or some air-freshener and a fan to simulate the outdoors - but these felt as inexact as seeing someone else's hand substituting for mine in the visuals. This inexactness made the dissociation between the sensual expectation and reality jarring, and if anything it placed me further outside the experience.
Thanks so much for looking and have a lovely week!
Mentioning Moleskine has reminded me that we have some new arrivals in the garden, the new batch of moorhen chicks and a mole who has started throwing up some molehills under the shrubbery. Molehills are good for collecting and using to grow seedlings in.
GEORGE ADIE: A GURDJIEFF PUPIL IN AUSTRALIA
My favorite everyday card is this one: You're Awesome. Seriously, you can get a card for yourself (hee hee) and give some out to those who deserve it.
Yesterday I told you about some digital stamps I found at Fresh Brewed Designs. I just love these stamps! So I was coloring these adorable stamps last night and my husband came up with a sentiment for them! Oh was he proud of himself! Every time I think about how tickled he was with himself I laugh. So here is my card.
i pray you have a glorious blessed beautiful
P.P.P.P.P.S.
I don't like cottage cheese,
Linum lewisii (Blue Flax)
As the four of us sat quietly on the darkened porch, we could have been minding our own Ps and Qs by paying our bills online. With the rumbling thunderstorms growing closer, it seemed a bit surreal using our 21st century technology to check in with the world while sitting in the shadow of a bygone era. The town crier was definitely no longer needed to announce the time.
I could "sleep like a log,"
Queen Latifah ... ELLIE
2) Empty Friend by Failure - from "Magnified"
For those of you who do not have a clothesline, just get creative! I used to clip my diapers onto hangers and hang them from my banister. I have also placed a drying rack on the patio and placed my diapers “face” up in the sun.
Repeat step one.
J'aimerais vous aviser qu'il s'est glissé une erreur dans le billet original pour le défi #FF23 (Candy Dots). La date limite pour soumettre vos projets aurait dû lire "3 mai 2012" et non "10 mai 2012". Même si nous avons déjà retenu 2 gagnantes, nous accepterons vos projets pour le défi commandité jusqu'au 10 mai 2012 à 23h59 pour trouver nos 3 autres gagnantes. Cela n'affecte d'aucune façon le défi #FF24 qui est dû le 17 mai. Désolée pour la confusion!
And finally, to all Canadians: Canada is a great country, one of the hopes of the world. We can be a better one – a country of greater equality, justice, and opportunity. We can build a prosperous economy and a society that shares its benefits more fairly. We can look after our seniors. We can offer better futures for our children. We can do our part to save the world’s environment. We can restore our good name in the world. We can do all of these things because we finally have a party system at the national level where there are real choices; where your vote matters; where working for change can actually bring about change. In the months and years to come, New Democrats will put a compelling new alternative to you. My colleagues in our party are an impressive, committed team. Give them a careful hearing; consider the alternatives; and consider that we can be a better, fairer, more equal country by working together. Don’t let them tell you it can’t be done.
At the weekend we tried something new, we made a Gingerbread house! The baking, building and decorating took us 3 days, we baked it on day 1 (Saturday) built it on day 2 and for fear of it collapsing, we saved the decorating until Halloween itself. For a first attempt, Im pretty pleased with it, although the perfectionist in me had a hard time allowing the kids anywhere near it once the roof was on. Emy is keen to give it another go next year :-)
Bisou is not a show dog, and I am anything but a show-dog person. Still, of an evening, it is a joy to me to watch all that orange and gold rippling over the grass. But alas, no more. As the first snow balls glommed on to the end of Bisou's hair strands, her running made the hairs twirl around each other, which in turn collected more snow, whose weight caused the hairs to twist more tightly. In a word, her leg feathers were such a mess of mats that in the end I had to play Alexander the Great, and just cut through those evil knots.
In recent years, when I teach an occasional religion, Christian history or theology class I have noticed a change in how the calendar is depicted in textbooks. The traditional B.C. and A.D. are being replaced with B.C.E. and C.E. There is always the need to draw this change to the students' attention, explain the change and then question and critique the change.
IS THIS ABBEY??
Final product
Would have to hear from me
Nikki, although you wouldn't know it to look at her, has ovaries of titanium and shoots laser beams out of her eyes. On vacation, she goes to Australia and rubs Great White Sharks on the belly, to which they respond by rolling over and purring. If she meets a rattlesnake while she's out hiking, the rattlesnake bows politely and gets out of the way. Bees fear her. Butterflies worship her. She's dressed by a posse of bluebirds and little woodland creatures every morning, after which she distributes semiautomatic weapons and shoulder-mounted grenade launchers of Truth to all of them, the better to fight for justice.
and services to assure consumers on the quality of the products that they purchase or that they would consider purchasing. This fundamental function cannot be fulfilled if trade marks are not noticeable, or unavailable, to consumers when selecting a product. The inability to recognize a brand or trade mark on a product would lead to consumer confusion, and therefore diminish the goodwill acquired in that brand through considerable investment and effort over a significant period of time. In fact the inability to call for or recognize a brand also takes away a consumer’s freedom of choice.
"And how's Moon doing? I heard that he was ill?"
Slippery entrails slide through my fingers as I gorge on him. In that moment I learn what it is to seek out the living, and their importance to me. I press my face into his stomach; the warmth feels so good to me. As I struggle to devour the man's intestines, his pants slid down exposing himself to me. I open my mouth and receive it in one bite; pulling it away from his body with my teeth until it could stretch no more, snapping free from him in a burst of bright crimson. His blood flows down my lips, dripping wetness down onto my breasts where his hands were just a moment ago.
Let’s face it. You know you’re on to something important, big, and secretive when you get cut off of a radio show an hour before your time is up with no explanation.
Where I live I need to drive 35 to 40 minutes to a store that sells a graphics card. The Staples nearby has two, but they are low end cards that have less umph than the one I bought five years ago that just croaked. So its Best Buy bound I go or just do Amazon. I'm too impatient though and will probably brave the Mother's Day weekend traffic in Erie.
The above passage is from Clark Howard’s 1979 book, Zebra: The true account of the 179 days of terror in San Francisco. I inserted ellipses, because Howard’s list contains both those who were murdered and those who were grievously wounded in San Francisco. I separated the groups into two lists. Herewith the wounded:
Articles,as noted above, should be of a particular length and format, just like various departments in other publications. These should be written in the second person (“you”).
While the bread is drying out, combine the eggs and sugar and whisk aggressively for about a minute. Add the half-and-half, salt, and vanilla and whisk to combine. Set aside.
It is while spending time with his father, and the peculiar denizens of Stanley Park, waiting for the restaurant to be refitted, that Jeremy formulates his unique response to his dilemma – one which will push some of his culinary theories quite literally, down the throats of the restaurant’s unwitting patrons, and, in the process, provide his escape.
The danger here is that discussions of objects are implicitly governed by a prototype object that functions as the representative of all objects. Cognitive psychologists treat prototypes as specific examples that function as representatives of abstract concepts. Think back to the 80′s and the dire Reagan revolution. Many readers will recall all the talk of “welfare queens” that continues down to this day in discussions of social programs. Welfare queens were mythological single women on welfare who had multiple children (to get larger welfare checks, the story goes) and who used their money to buy expensive things like cadillacs. In short, the non-existent welfare queen came to function as a prototype or exemplary instance representing all people on welfare. This prototype caused much mischief in welfare debates and subsequent legislative reforms.
I hate myself for hurting you, all the time
Looking at the word "therapist", have you ever thought of what happens if you put a space after the "the"? It rather changes your perception of the "profession".
I do have one reservation, the last gift exchange I participated in my partner didn't send me anything. That was a bummer, so I hope it doesn't happen again.
Once Tom had hung up the phone he promptly picked up the lab report, tore it to shreds, and dumped it into the wastepaper basket. He powered down his computer before leaving his dormroom.
Our second visit was to Guba Genocide Grave.This site was opened while doing ground works on 1 april,2007. The mass grave is a burial place of the local innocent civilians massacred by the Armenians in 1918. Exhumations claimed that all the victims were murdered cruelly and inhumanely-with cold and dull instruments.This dirty,inhuman action belongs to an armenian comissar Shaumyan and his army. Really can’t find words to this cruelty…
Y'all, Pod and I have become absurdly attached to those little tree seedlings I got for free about 2 months ago. ALL of them -- all eleven -- have started to bud, and it's become a part of our daily routine to check out each one to see how they have changed from day to day. For a while, it looked like only a few would survive, but in recent days, the remaining 3 that we had written off have started to show signs of life. I think we have to thank this strange spring weather, especially these long, soaking rains that are completely uncharacteristic of Central Texas -- even in the spring -- for the fact that our little seedlings are thriving. Most have multiple leaves, although only one -- the Arizona Ash -- has grown substantially. It's probably twice as big as it was when we first got it and is covered with leaves. Amazing.
So back to my story, I was feeling very tired, very weak, with a sore throat and a throbbing headache starting up… and it was only Thursday… I rifled through the bag looking for this “cold” bottle and found it. I only looked at it long enough to read 쌍화탕 (ssang-hwa-tang) and wonder if I should drink part of it or all of it before I just downed the thing and passed the fudge out. That stuff works miracles. I had to take another pill for the headache later on, but otherwise I slept quite well. By morning I was not completely better, but I felt more like I usually do after a week of misery and fever – i.e. recovering. It didn’t taste too bad when I had it – there is a bit of a sting to the after taste but it’s tolerable. I was pretty desperate and feverish at the time though, so it could be awful for all I know. Apparently you should have 1 bottle a day and it will take care of most mild colds.
Stanley Baker stars as Jack Truman, a CID detective investigating a series of fire attacks in the city who is suddenly transferred against his wishes to help deal with the burgeoning problem of young offenders – or rather, to try to stop them before they become repeat offenders. The Dearden and Relph films are classic examples of trying to have your cake and eat it – not just using popular genre and star names to bring audiences to watch difficult subjects, they also try to give the impression of neutrality by trying to show ‘both sides’ of every issue. However, they are usually loading their arguments, or at least are clearly doing so by modern standards, just as Truman’s motives becomes increasingly compromised by his attraction to Cathie.
2For what is God’s reward from on high, or the heritage given by the Ruler of all from heaven?
'Running a shop is boredom relieved by anxiety.'
I had a problem finding red and blue papers to match though, because it's colours I never use together, and never buy red papers, but I found the red one in an old paper pad that I think came free with a magazine months and months ago, and the blue patterned and plain papers are from a 12x12 pad that I got in The Works a while ago (same time as I bought the white paint I used yesterday:). They are by Kit 'N Kraft and I must admit that they are not very good quality (a bit on the thin side), but at £2.99 for 25 sheets of 12x12, they were a bargain, so I got 3 different pads lol. I would of got more but there was only 3 different ones.
Pet's name (current or past) Nina the best dog ever!
I love my family so much I'm so grateful to have had the opportunity to celebrate such a beautiful occasion with such a beautiful woman and I'm grateful to be able to share it with you all. Hope you are all having a great day!!!
Marge Bailey, founder of DriverFinder.net states, “Depending on what resources a company engages to advertise, i.e.; the size of their budget, what their orientation costs are and cost to get a driver to orientation, a new ‘experienced’ hire can range from $3500.00 to over $5,000.00 each.”
Down in the depths
Paintings...
Now we are going to add them to your template code. Click the Design Tab, then the Edit HTML link. It will open up the box of code for your template.
The Dread
I woke up late
The Daily Mail UK newspaper, whose reporter has more time to read blogs than I do, quotes an older post (without supplying the link) from the mother-to-be:
I’ve learned a thing or two about pain in the last couple of years. First, I find it surprising just how much physical pain some people can endure without much complaint. Second, it is clear to me that I’m a pain wimp.
This contradicts what Alpert states on the website:
mānuṣyam arthadam anityam apīha dhīraḥ
as if by instinct
But 25(4) says that “The public interest includes the nation’s commitment to land reform, and to reforms to bring about equitable access to all South Africa’s natural resources; and (6) property is not limited to land.
However, I may never get to find him. Nobody knows the name of the girl my sperm donor knocked up when they were only 15.
Miz Witherspoon also owns an almost 6,500 square foot faux-French Provincial residence in Nashville, TN (above, top) where she spent her childhood and where, as fer as we know, her parents still live. She also maintains a stunning 7-acre ranch in Ojai, CA (above, bottom)—bought from Million Dollar Decorator Kathryn Irelend in March 2008 for $5,800,000—where she and Mister Toth were married last year in an intimate ceremony attended by a considerable cadre of celebrities.
We'll start with the main bathroom.
Well, sure as Hell I do! Take this link as an example. Somewhere in the USA (hint: PHILLY) people started turning against the doctors and the whole scientific world for that matter, because......well, god knows why, I haven't the slightest idea! Some of the possible reasons for this stupid stupid decision of the free people are revealed in these two videos by Penn Jilette and Teller in their tv show Penn & Teller's Bullshit!. Be sure to watch them both because.......fuck, people are so stupid. Go on...I assure you the rest of the post won't disappear.
Randa Abdel-Fatta broke ground with Does My Head Look Big In This? And, there's Robin Brande (Evolution, Me, and Other Freaks of Nature), Matthue Roth (Never Mind the Goldbergs), Mitali Perkins (Sunita Sen), Dana Reinhardt (A Brief Chapter in My Impossible Life), Emily Wing Smith's heartfelt The Way He Lived, Margaret Peterson Haddix's Leaving Fishers, and Pete Hautman's Godless or Timothy Carter's Epoch. And those are just books read by me (and people in my blogging circle) whose titles I could think of offhand.
2 big pieces of rock sugar
Scallops with Bacon, Baby Spinach with Warm Coffee and Balsamic Glaze
People with food get fat and foolish
And of course this leads to the big dilemma! Whatever shall I wear? I'm just not a fancy girl and I don't really own anything, red carpet-ish. Last year the premiere was at a Pub...I have many many pub worthy outfits..no premiere in a theatre type digs though. I'm stumped.
5. position caleb
Brings me the glory that finally weakens my knees
a. Walk into Mordor
This year the Telegraph newspaper is making its 22nd annual Christmas Charity Appeal on behalf of three charities.
Just those few seconds of seeing her made me incredibly happy, and the whole film is an extraordinarily pretty and witty little creation, i can't see why it was left in obscurity for so long. Here are some screen caps:
Another forgotten project is discarded.
Everyone was very welcoming, but they were fairly low-energy due to their sickly state. Kitty is very interesting and friendly, we had a few nice conversations that made me feel at ease with the situation.
I love the sound of this one, this is what the back cover says:
Janette Fennell is the founder and president of KidsAndCars.org, a safety advocacy group based in Leawood, Kan., that focuses on issues involving children and automobiles. In a telephone interview, Ms. Fennell made her view clear, saying she believed that carmakers must develop reminder devices to warn drivers if a child is left behind.
It was a very nice way to pass a day.
The backs of these cards feature a major difference than previous years, Topps included a small black and white photograph to go along with limited stats featuring the players first pro and major league game plus a short biography.
On September 19, there will be a workshop for people who are more serious about keeping chickens, covering specific aspects of keeping chickens, including the time it takes, costs and where you can keep your birds. The last workshop will be on October 17 and will be about preparing chickens for the winter.
The other night I was lucky enough to get invited to the soft opening of a new restaurant in Pasadena called Vol. 94! I actually used to live up in Pasadena and it is still one of my favorite towns in Los Angeles, if the drive to work hadn’t worn me out, I still would be living there today. Vol. 94 just opened up in a space across the street from Paseo near Old Town Pasadena. It’s a wine bistro with seasonal New American small plates with an asian twist.
Your shadow at morning striding behind you
Dante has to deal with his girlfriend, Veronica (Marilyn Ghigliotti) always prodding him to do something with his life instead of working at the convenience store. Dante still has feelings for his ex-girlfriend, Caitlin (Lisa Spoonauer), who he finds out in getting married.
My other grandmother, Gertrude, was also a good country cook, but she never served such a lavish table. Gertrude was much, much poorer in her young mother days than Lyda was, and Gertrude’s meals were plentiful in quantity but not so lavish in array was were Lyda’s.
This is a longer than average picture book. The concept of spying on and writing about one's neighbors is a theme in many other children's books so the specificity of Janie's Brooklyn neighborhood should not be a barrier to one's enjoyment of the book.
I said to my teacher that I could have done just the same and make a ton of money like him. She responded by saying: “Yes, you could have done the same, but he had the idea first!”
I’m implementing the edits to Grief: The Great Yearning my last couple of readers suggested, and I was doing fine until I hit this passage:
8. Autism is not Contagious
So make a plan that you want to help him get reacquainted with true intimacy. Spend some time, perhaps a week or so or however long it takes, not actually making love. Lie naked together and get used to touching each other again. Look into his eyes. Let him experience the erotic nature of just being so close to someone he loves. Take baths together. Explore each other, and take things very slowly so that he can see that he can become aroused just by being with you. If you try to go too fast, you can push him into fantasy again in order to "complete the deed". Instead, spend some time letting him discover that he can become aroused once again by being with you. But this is much easier if there's no pressure, and if you spend a lot of time just being together naked, talking, kissing, and exploring.
In other words, she never stopped being our mother in life or in the afterlife.
I know some of my friends would ask how I could reconcile this attitude towards nature and wildlife when I am in favour of shooting. On a farm like that one, small shoots are held during the season, and Sir Pheasant, who I’ve been writing about with such affection, becomes a target. While I’m desperate to go, I’ve not yet actually been game shooting (one day… one day) but despite my lack of experience and my appreciation of nature, I will still defend it. The shooting industry is actually responsible for an awful lot of conservation of the wildlife and habitats involved in shooting (see BASC for more info). Birds are bred specifically for the sport, and are looked after from birth – after all, a weak bird that can’t fly a good distance, for any length of time or with any speed makes for a very poor target. Anyone who takes issue with game shooting should consider the source of the meat they eat from their local supermarket – I for one would far rather eat a bird that’s lived its life outdoors and been shot mid-air than a battery farmed hen. It is very possible to appreciate the elegance and comedy of the puffed up pheasant strutting his stuff on the farm, the challenge he provides as an airborne target, and the flavour of the pheasant breast wrapped in streaky bacon on your plate at dinner.
when she apprehended my camera.
Haha, I love it!
The doctor, Ed says, claimed he didn’t know anything about Nadya’s family situation. “After that, I thought, ‘That’s it. Over.’”
rainbow curves
Actually we have several vacant blocks above us, which funnel water run-off from rain straight through our yard. We were having some major problems as a result, and so I begged and pleaded with the developer to come do something about it. Which they did yesterday, after several weeks and quite a few calls. All should have been well.
Sheds a light on my soul
iMovie for iPhone review
I have soo much to catch up on!!
and came back downstairs. The older one is out of my sight for maybe 2
It should be remembered that with the help of the world and South African media, the ANC was able to paint the SA white as a nation of Nazi's. They conjured up some of the most shocking lies ever experienced in the history of the World. Even the younger generation white and black South Africans have been brainwashed into believing that Apartheid was a violent inhumane atrocious system where blacks were shot in the street on Sundays for fun. They actually believe that white school children used blacks for target practice, so feeble-minded, uneducated and gullible are they.
On the flip side, his challenger Gary McDowell has been extremely successful at fundraising, especially for coming off a loss in the 2010 cycle. While being out-fundraised by Benishek, McDowell only trails Benishek in “cash on hand” by a measly 10k, or around 2%. He also holds a 20% edge individual contributions, telling us his fundraising “net” is much wider and may last much longer.
But kitchen or no kitchen- he knew that- with a kind of certainty he hadn't felt in a long time- that he could smell cinammon buns and that he was getting off this line- Purple Heart be damned.
Fruit -$10
Networks and Politics
Step 3: The government spends the dollars in order to obtain real assets and investments.
From the Band:
Daily, I would marvel at the unforgettable sight of hundreds of soaring, swirling kites and eagles. I wondered why they would soar to such heights. Later i learnt that they conserve energy by creating ‘thermal soars’ and can glide for miles without flapping their wings.
Honorable Mention:
DW: Could you just say who “We” is, for a minute?
It will be a little climate shock for us, since the weather in Phoenix is lovely at 55 of, where PC has only 23 oF. Yikes!
And still there is the Adriatic coast, with its hundreds of islands, big and small, timeless little villages, historic towns, and thousands of secluded places to enjoy swimming in the clearest water.
Ali is not only me.
Having come from Cuba I had relatives who lived and died under a totalitarian regime, I grew up very attuned to the impact of ideology in people’s daily lives. One of the distinguishing characteristics of Stalinist era movies, for example, is that the protagonists all tend to die. What remains is “The State, The Revolution.” Stalin couldn’t have done a better job re-writing the Mass than Benedict XVI. The re-written Mass makes the churchgoer feel that he/she is part of something greater than him/herself, something to which he/she should be completely submissive and that will be here, long after he/she is gone and forgotten. Utopias, atheist or theist, are bigger than lives. Apparently that the Gospel is lost in the translation is a small price to pay for all that power and glory.
Writer/director Andrew Niccol is no stranger to scientific ideas. In 1997 he delivered the Orwellian genetic engineering “Gattaca“. In 2002 he tackled computer generated imagery in “S1mOne“. He also penned the predictory script to reality TV in 1998 with “The Truman Show“. Fantasy and Science Fiction seem to be genres that he’s comfortable with but this is not one of his better efforts.
Wishing for someone to see me
A short while back, after Christmas, I participated in another Itty Bitty Swap. This one was called “What’s at the Bottom of Your Garden?” Or in my mind, affectionately remembered as the Frogs and Fairies swap. The requirements: knit your partner a frog or a fairy (using one of Susan Anderson’s designs) and send your partner a kit for the other item. (So if you knit a frog, you sent a kit for a fairy.) I would say there was an even split between frogs and fairies knit. And then of course, there were all the usual goodies that go along with a swap – treats, other handmade items, little mementos that fit the theme, etc.
2. What other words can be used to express the words in bold?
I read it over and over. I wonder. Was the shark in a state of denial? Was it the shark’s hope for survival? Was it what we so many times have been taught: “Never give up”?
You're gonna find yourself somewhere, somehow.
A willingness to compromise can get you better results, too. If, for example, your initial request to fully remove your name gets refused, see if asking to have your identity anonymized will work. And if one person at the site you’ve contacted keeps stalling you, see if there’s another you can contact instead.
A Cure for Baldness!
and are treated in return.
Author: Ukamaka Olisakwe
So we went along until I found myself alone with it. It turned a little cold. It found itself tempted. It went into the loft and hid until I cried out to it, and it reluctantly came down and conversed with me. I would find myself lost, sitting in the foyer, touching the spots where the light met the tile, cold as ice on a humid day, as lonely as an abalone sitting on the sea side.
“Well,” her voice cracked, “I’m going back to sleep now.”
Sometimes, we may even feel it is necessary to take a dump on someone else. Just remember the Golden Rule: Do unto others as you would have them do onto you. So, let me ask you: do you like when others shit on you?
“I know that, Art,” Clark replies, defeat creeping into his voice.
● Relatively short project duration. I would require 24-36 months between the beginning, “start-up” phase and having the product finished and ready for
Presidential spokesman Mac Maharaj has since denied that Zuma played any part in the decision to drop charges – or that Zuma and Mdluli had any private connection. Police Minister Nathi Mthethwa has also denied involvement in Mdluli’s side-stepping of charges.
My big girl turned 12 towards the end of February, she maturing in many ways, her hormones prove to me she is not a little girl. We went to a vegan cafe for lunch on her birthday.
CONNECTING with your customers by email can be an extremely effective way to create an ongoing relationship and instantly interact with your best supporters. One programme that I’ve used frequently is Mail Chimp (www.mailchimp.com). It’s free to use for those with contacts under 2000 and has great templates to design your emails; in addition to storing your contacts and sending your emails. It will never give you the same professional result as a graphic designer, for the price (FREE) it’s excellent. The analytics that it provides post campaign are better than some of the paid email programmes out there. If you’ve never used email marketing before then I would recommend reading up on the resources section of the site first, in particular this article. Mail Chimp will lock your account if your open figures are less than desirable so that is something to consider before you sign up.
I didn't want to go back there, I was safe behind these walls. Being home I was protected by brick and mortar. The phone rang and I didn't answer it, the answering machine picked up. I tuned out the venomous words that were spoken for me. It didn't matter what they said about me on a machine, it could be easily erased from an answering machine tape with the click of a button. It was going to be a long Christmas Break, it was just the break I needed but never expected.
The only problem to this studying music theory (and learning more about FL Studio) is that I have been getting distracted working on musical composition. Nothing I’ve made so far has made me scream “THATS IT!” In fact I haven’t even whispered those words. The compositions I’ve made aren’t bad (simple but not bad) and I’m keeping many of them for various reasons (I want to make an instrumental beats album for driving) but I’m having a hard time understanding what it is that makes video game music so… perfect for video games.
“We’ll see,” I said. “Anyway, I think I’m done with it for today. I have the funeral to go to in South Hill tomorrow. I’ll work on it again Monday.” My best friend Trisha’s mother had died and the service was three hours away.
Listening to Algebra Blessett inspires me to do differential equations (yeah, I'm weird like that).
The problem with arguing with someone with a big investment in their beliefs, and it is as true of atheists as followers of any religion, is their rejection of reason. In my current argument, with a Catholic, I have been compelled to cite papal bulls to illustrate my points. Fortunately in this debate my opponent is a lot less abusive than some I have encountered.
Really it was an easy decision -- the nice boy was cute as well as nice, and I really liked him -- but being a student of drama and completely sophomoric**, I had to drag it out. My girlfriends and I compiled a list of pros and cons for each boy.
That torch is a symbol;
This lovely uniform was worn by Vicky Lester in ‘There’s No Business Like Showbusiness‘. Vicky was a hat-check girl in the film looking to become a star.
So I began organizing and decided that since I was organizing I might as well move the washer and dryer out to the curb since we will be getting new- working ones soon. After moving them off the back porch I realized how entirely dirty the carpeting was and since I have never liked carpeting- and never really understood why the previous owners would carpet outside I tore up the carpeting and spikes.
Two nights during the week, I get the opportunity to hang out with a 16 month old. It's funny how life's lessons can be taught through these sessions. Tonight as I was going through the normal routine of bathing, getting jammies, brushing teeth, dosing ty-ty, and reading stories, I was yet again reminded of where my priorities need to be (although, here I am writing instead of reading :-/ ). As Griffin and I sat on the floor in his room, I asked him to pick out a few stories for me to read. The first story was 'Thank you God for the Animals', his second being 'Super Snowy Day', he quickly was sick of that story and grabbed for another book. As I went to grab the book, he opened it, and low and behold it was opened to the story of Easter in his 'Baby's 1st Bible'...the message was pretty clear at that point.
from now on I will held a weekly blog candy here on my blog, where you can win one of those many wonderful Sweet Pea Stamps. The candy starts each Saturday and you have time to join till Friday night 24.00 European Time. I will draw a winner each Saturday.
Today, the sliding keyboard feature is no longer the monopoly of mobile phones. Asus SL101 Eee Pad Slider proves this. The tablet computer from Asus has integrated sliding keyboard that works similar to keyboards in slide phones.
Because sometimes things go my way.
long long kiss on his bloody-lipped swollen mouth,
Knitting patterns. Are these yours, cos they're not mine. So Eighties. I did actually persuade someone to knit me that checkerboard style jumper. I wore it to death. It was blue and pink. I *know*. My taste is dubious. But it was the 80s and none of us had taste, right?
Rubicon Ranch, the collaborative novel I’m doing with some other Second Wind authors, is all about family. The birth family who’s been searching for the girl and who fall prey to con artists, the couple who wanted a child so bad that they kidnapped one, the old man who suspects his son of the crime, the woman who suspects her father, the boy who is being abused by his father, the sleepwalker who is still haunted by his dead sister, the woman who is grieving for her dead philandering husband. It’s interesting how the theme of family has evolved in such an extemporaneous project. We never planned this theme, but each of us separately chose to deal somehow with family skeletons.
I was extremely puzzled by this when I first found out and simply did not understand the problem. Then I saw a link on his Twitter feed explaining the situation further, so naturally I read and then everything made sense.
He found only two noses had the nose-hole with the splitter and that these wings were only carried parallel to the ground when moved around the pitlane. The final piece of the jigsaw was when he saw a mechanic inspect the wing with his hand leading to understand the slot placement and this information allowed him to work out the system and draw it for the aforementioned magazines. Its remarkable such a tiny detail can be observed and goes to show the hard work that went into Piola exposing this innovation.
I have not mastered the task of living in the gray and with every new relationship a hint of existential crisis can be heard echoing in my mind. The “issue” of my bisexuality is always called into question by my significant other and my internalized biphobia. Its true, not a day goes by where I can’t help but wish I could just be straight….Not a day goes by where I can’t help but wish I could just be gay. This negative thinking is quickly squashed by the revelation that I am exactly who I want to be. I am openly bisexual. Living a life I love. Even now, in a serious gay relationship, (for the sake of brevity “gay” is a term you will hear me sometimes use) I will not let go of my bisexual identity because to me it is very important to call into question the suffocating boxes we desire to live in. Yes, we desire to live in them as much as we hate to be placed in them, our need for belonging trumps every time.
I've been to the chambered tombs at Cairnholy on several occasion, so just a couple of pictures of them here. I bumped into an American chap, who spends a lot of time here, who pointed out a few cup and ring markings on Cairnholy I (below), and we had quite a natter about them. The markings are difficult to see in the pictures so here's just a basic shot of the cairn.
After lunch we decided to explore the festival. We found:
It takes more than one , okay, more than three cups of coffee to make me feel like I am up and awake.
The kids decided that they wanted to receive some mail of their own. I told them that in order to receive mail, they needed to write a letter to someone. So we wrote to their great grandma and grandpa. I let them pick the colors of paper and marker that they wanted to use. On one side they drew them a picture (Their "writing") and on the other side they dictated a letter for me to write to them.
Second, since 1789, the US Supreme Court has overturned over 150 laws passed by Congress. According to the GPO (Government Printing Office):
The terms are used interchangeably, and almost always indicate an individual in jail for slave condition. The vast majority of said individuals were held under the reason, “busque amo” — awaiting the search for a new master, awaiting a pending sale, etc. Masters who used the jail for this purpose were required to provide food and clothing for the slave. Ecuador didn’t fully abolish slavery until 1852, and as you can see on your chart, in 1853 there are no afro-descendant entrants.
The RCMP, CBSA and CSIS have all sent officers to Southeast Asia to try to stop human smuggling vessels destined for Canada. Last month, Thai immigration police arrested an alleged migrant smuggler named Nadesan Jeeyananthan, also known as German Babu, a dual citizen of Sri Lanka and Germany. He was taken into custody in Bangkok. Canadian and Thai officials allege he was involved in the voyage of the Sun Sea.
I wrote about Eddie's early in my wanderings, and I'm happy to report that my love of his food has stood the test of time. If you're looking for a quirky date that won't knock your wallet out, I highly recommend a trip up to Bushwick. You can grab your lunch at Eddie's, your dessert at the Dolceria a block east on Knickerbocker (try the gelato), and eat the whole lot across the street from Eddie on a bench in the grand plaza of Maria Hernandez Park (formerly Bushwick Park, as it is still labelled on gmaps, renamed for a community leader murdered for her aggressive anti-gang and anti-drug activism). With MTA fare, that's a $20 date for two! Who says the recession can't be more like recess?
and a special blessing and light to priests,
Sounds like the kinds of designs I'd like to fill my closet with!
He surprised me by answering honestly that yes he was a little. I always appreciate honesty.
Clearly, I was actually starved for predictability and routine, and it takes no deep analysis to see that my flaunting rejection of healthy habits or structure was less about “free thinking” than it was envy.
bell peppers
If you're like me and have never heard of such a thing, head over to the host blog, His & Hers where you'll find links to all the participants. Like any baby shower there will be food, drinks, sweets and gifts.
All of the aforementioned works and the remaining two
New Years is coming and that is fun, but I'm not a person who plans my whole year around New Years. I do like to get all sparkly dressed (something about New Years makes me want to wear sparkly things) and go out for a little bit, but if we don't, then no big deal. Brian will be working, so he will not even be awake when midnight comes this year. Its only the change of a number, not really the true new year in my eyes, but still fun to celebrate if its possible. Too bad sometimes drama and fights have to break out because people just drink too much on New Years...something that we attempt to avoid, places with over drinking and strong emotions. People can really get hurt physically and emotionally when those two elements are mixed.
I let my mind wander. Think about the object. Jump from subject to subject. I found myself thinking about the old technology, and time. A quote from T.S. Eliot popped into my head; "In my beginning is my ending." From there, I thought about Janus, the Roman god of beginnings and endings. I know when the idea is starting to come for me, so out comes the sketch book. I start listing elements that fit the theme. I'm not going to post my sketches here. They're incredibly messy--I tend to sketch and then over sketch. I like to leave space for the sculpture to grow organically, so I tend not to plan out every element of a piece beforehand.
Anyway, as expected, Ronnie breaks up with Enid, but not before getting all grabby in the car and being generally awful to her. While he's berating her about George, she covers her face with her hands while crying, so he "pried them away, forcing her to look at him. His fingers bit into her wrists, cutting off the circulation". What the HELL Ronnie!? Let go of her, you horrible fuckbag! Maybe Jessica was actually doing her a favour, in her own skewed, sociopathic way.
Sam is exactly one week old today, and it's hard to process how much has happened in the last seven days. He's still a rock star today, and if you're wondering why, here's a list of his accomplishments from the past 12 hours:
Bison Brewing, Berkeley Organic Chocolate Stout Dry Foreign Style Stout (great head, good start, bad finish. Not full bodied)
3 Jane Eyre – Charlotte Bronte
At this point, I don't know what the end result will be. What I do know is that moving out and getting my own space is the next necessary step for me being healthier. I know that this next step is right.
But, I feel it's time to retreat for a while. I will still write, explore ideas, feel inspired and creative, but I need to retreat from the writing world. It feels like too harsh a place, and not as friendly as I might like.
Her boyfriend had dumped her for someone else, someone younger, a blond with a bigger chest. He was her world and in losing him, he had broken her. She’d snapped. She wasn’t even sure where the knife came from, but suddenly she had one in her hand. She wasn’t upset, nooo. She was happy for him. He had won someone “better.” Even though he broke her heart, tore it into pieces, and threw it in the fire, she was happy for him. She wanted him to go away. She made him go away. The knife sliced through his flesh as easily as scissors through paper.
Brewery description: "Hop*A*Potamus is a double dark rye pale ale made with a ton of pale and six kinds of rye malt for a "full" body. This double dark rye pale ale is fiercely hopped with a Northwest blend for a stampede of flavor and aroma.
After all, some of the oldest jokes in our culture are directed to people with large noses or enormous bottoms. What is the Venus of Willendorf if it isn’t a series of Benny Hill reduced to fit your hand? Unlike our primitive ancestors, we’ve simply moved on to laugh at oddly placed tattoos and tricks involving novelty sailor hats.
04 - (My Whole World Is Empty) Without You
The kids excitedly woke me up this morning to find all of the shenanigans that Seamus had left for us.
2. I woke up with a heinous cold on Sunday morning thanks to my idiot little brother who just can’t stay indoors ONE day of his life and he just HAD to go outside with his friends on a particularly cold April day. So, of course, what happens when one person in a household of five gets extremely sick? We ALL get sick. I somehow managed to avoid it for about two weeks, thinking nothing but positive thoughts and also inhaling as much vitamin C as I possibly could in many different forms.
You tribute an album to somebody largely influential and respected, like John Lennon or some figure, and we recently hear about a Deulgukhwa (들국화) tribute album. But BoA is considered as an idol, a commercial singer or something, and she's only 24 years old while having 11 years of career behind. I think she really is very significant and symbolic in today's Korean pop music in various ways. Thus this tribute could be ironic, funny, refreshing on the ideas of "what makes a real artist and what not", "how an idol is being consumed" or whatever comes into your head. And, of course, we were serious about making a real tribute to our beloved diva.
“When what?”
These poems aren’t about “haiku moments.” They have vivid and compelling images; but they’re allusive, elusive, experimental, full of large ideas — not just tiny moments of awareness. I say this not to cast aspersions on tiny moments of awareness, just to point out that in the culture where haiku developed, there is apparently a much broader conception of what constitutes a “real” haiku than in our own.
you are in
As to why this is important – it gives you flexibility. I remember at the end of 1999 the company I was contracted to decided they were going to cut all their IT contractors at the end of the year. They had invested in sponsoring a race car and needed the money. I wish I was kidding. I was working as a system administrator, managing Windows NT 4.0 domains, servers, and workstations. However, I had web development (ASP) and SQL Server skills from my Air Force days and when I started work, I realized that there was all kinds of information in the databases we had access to but that the interfaces we had to use were terrible. You couldn’t get the info out easily. So I set about building web pages to produce real time reports so we could track tickets, etc. It made life easier for us, we were more valuable to our end users, and I kept my ASP and SQL skills up. Needless to say, when I received word about all contracts coming to an end, I started looking. I wasn’t hired as a system administrator, but as a web developer. Having that skill set gave me the option to interview for that position. For me, that was a valuable lesson. In the current organization I’ve gone from web developer to SQL Server DBA, to infrastructure and security architect, and back to DBA again. I’ve always tried to keep my skills up to date in the various areas and that means looking for opportunities to renew skills. I want to maintain the flexibility and so do you. Look for chances to renew older skills to build that flexibility into your career.
“Don’t believe in trying to do all these things?
-Hotel Raphael: In full disclosure, I had a rather disappointing visit to the downstairs bar at the spendy Hotel Raphael. But, you can’t deny the superb view from the rooftop terrace.
But there’s really nothing to stop someone from stealing and using or repurposing your idea.
"One Lone and Angry Man" is one average spaghetti western. Nothing here is particularly good, but nothing is particularly bad. It moves steadily through its story-line with a shoot-out or fight every few minutes, with the actors all playing the usual assortments of Mexican banditos, corrupt sheriffs, staid ranchers, and damsels just waiting to be placed in distress so the hero can show his true and chivalrous colors and save them.
Different talks were underway in this regard, some people were of the view that on Feb 13 PM Gilani will step down while others were of the view that PM will be convicted, but premier showed extreme maturity by appearing before the apex court. The main point which is to be noted is it that no PPP worker indulged in any violent protest across the country. This is highly laudable.
I sit still listening to the language of the heart as if living in a world that far out of reach where the bitterness and anguish hiding which ready to come while in lulled
ends in man coverage, although he’s smaller stature could be a disadvantage against some of the bigger tight ends that have entered the league in recent years. One of the more underrated pass rushers in this year’s linebacker class, Terrell finds the open crease in the
There is nothing worse than seeing people out to eat,
"There's a lot that's happened. We've seen this worm, this virus that's attacked the computers that run the Iranian uranium enrichment process,” Steinberg said. “We've seen some scientists who have been killed and injured, people who are working on the nuclear enrichment program in Iran, and we've seen sanctions. When you put those pieces together, it makes sense to see a slowdown in the process."
Tickets are $20 per person and can be purchased at The Palms Restaurant on 36 Strongs Ave., Café Terra at 67 Center St., Body Gears at 112 Woodstock Ave., Center Street Alley Bar on Center Street and the Wooden Barrel at 231 Chittenden Rd. Tickets are limited.
plan are for participants to keep.
At the beginning of the war between Spain and America, Americans and Filipinos had been allies against Spain in all but name; now Spanish and Americans were in a partnership that excluded the Filipino insurgents. Fighting between American and Filipino troops almost broke out as the former moved in to dislodge the latter from strategic positions around Manila on the eve of the attack. Aguinaldo had been told bluntly by the Americans that his army could not participate and would be fired upon if it crossed into the city. The insurgents were infuriated at being denied triumphant entry into their own capital, but Aguinaldo bided his time. Relations continued to deteriorate, however, as it became clear to Filipinos that the Americans were in the islands to stay.
Take care of him
The rain actually may have been an advantage as it kept the crowds down which meant lines to the attractions were not very long. Susan and I had attended the World's Fair in Knoxville, Tennessee in 1982 and it was a much different story there--big crowds and long lines. That visit had been the day after we had gotten married. We wanted to see the World's Fair that was so close to my Tennessee home and we knew that this would be our only chance to visit since we were going to be on the road with the show all year. One day at the World's Fair--two World's Fairs --was all we got, but at least we got to go.
What would these bills do?
Are you good at that?”
It was also in 2008 that they stopped the annual awards for achievement and thus turned the RWB into a low key non-celebratory non-event. Yet this was at a time when the Party needed to praise and encourage individuals for achieving things beyond the normal expectations of any main-stream political activists. Unlike the other parties, the BNP was the only political entity that was being attacked from all directions, every day of the week. As tangible, positive recognition within such a negative political climate, people valued those awards so much. And the more successful we were, the more our opponents turned up the heat and the more difficult it became. But of course, as with everything else, Head Office knew best!
Im baaack!:)
06. End signal (2005) mix
Momma asked me to create some unique polymer clay buttons to adorn her creations, and I am so glad she did. The majority of the buttons I created this weekend will be attached to her crocheted items, but I will be offereing some in the shop, and as soon as another shipment of clay arrives, I'll be making more for us both. I am already thinking of new ways to use smaller buttons, so it will be Buttonmania at my house for awhile to come.
It can be a bit over the top, but that's where all the technique goes. It's definitely tolerable here, and that may not be the case for the rest of the album for many of you.
Another tweet made reference to the fact that Dixons and Currys have been emptied whilst Waterstones retains a full inventory. Waterstones would have been the first place I'd have competed in Urban Supermarket Sweep!
I've used a gorgeous Miss Anya from The Greeting Farm, which I stamped while staying with my BFF Helen...thanks Helen...waving :) I'm ashamed to say she's been sitting in my drawer for a loooong time, with her sisters, waiting to be coloured up :( The image panel was then matted with SU Merely Mustard and adhered to the background page with repositionable glue so that it can be removed and recycled...can't bear the thoughts of having to throw her away when the calendar expires!!
In Como, you can take the funicular - a near-vertical journey that's bound to thrill you - up to Brunate, which is situated 700 m above the town. You can see all the way to Milan from this vantage point, making it an unforgettable highlight of your trip.
You know that most of that coloured wrapping paper we all love can't be recycled, don't you? Just consider something new, exciting and recyclable this holiday season. Now, some of you ladies who read my blog are very crafty and creative indeed, and you certainly have a way with a ribbon.
"But they said ..."
Tell your other fourth grade teacher friends about this post!
Cricut Classic Font: Sun at 3.5 inches
If you want to preserve it for a longer period, you can add a pinch of citric acid to it.
Chicken Pot Pie & Cut veggies
Sbrisolona: Dessert of the year?
Note also that people can comfortably spend time without talking. That speaks, too. Note also that conversations that provide information but don't add interest and character development might be better dealt with by saying, "Between hiccups, she gave him a disjointed account of her adventure. With comforting noises, he wiped her nose with no sign of impatience or confusion despite her digressions into incoherency." I can go through the dialog, but, if my readers already know, I'm not contributing much.
Good question. A WIP is a UFO that is being actively worked upon. A WIP becomes a UFO when it sits idle, untouched, maybe even forgotten, for a fairly long period of time. The length of time varies from knitter to knitter and is totally arbitrary. My standard is 30 days. If I haven’t worked a single stitch on a WIP in the past 30 days, it magically morphs into a UFO.
8. I love to write letters. I love to receive letters as well.
+ Not trusting your partner: The strength of a relationship is measured by how much you trust each other. Some people find it difficult to trust their partner, and for good reason too. If your partner has given you a reason, at one time or the other, not to trust him/her, then you are justified. If this is the case, then you should try to forgive your partner and give them a chance to gain your trust again. The love you have for your partner should enable you to trust them, or else, you will create a pattern of insecurity and jealousy which will eventually destroy that relationship.
Those whom own it listen to their souls.
What I do, every day I write, is all because of Michael Jackson. If MJ hadn't been there to fire my interest, to show me a path that could be taken, I'd still be a librarian. I might be happy with that, but I wouldn't have had the fun, the late nights with great people, the satisfaction of a well-written piece or the satisfaction of opening someone's eyes to a great beer, if not for Michael Jackson.
We got the tree home, found a spot in the yard, and got to planting it right away. But oh no! We're in the middle of a drought. As the weeks and months went by I grew more and more worried about my tree. The leaves weren't looking very healthy and I was afraid maybe it was diseased. Yes, we watered it every few days but apparently we weren't watering enough, or maybe barely enough, for it to take.
They are just abandoned structures that were
Group Lessons = 6 weeks for $75 (not including $15 annual membership to NATIONAL organization), 55 minutes
Lemon poppyseed muffins have always been a favorite of mine, but they are rather unexciting. I like them, but they’re sort of the sugar cookie of the muffin world: one misses the embellishments.
heres some good pictures -_^
8. Welcome 2 G-Dom (prod DJ Premier)
Now Rowan must unearth the buried power she harbors within to escape a deadly prophecy, defy the very laws of time, and prevent the hands of fate from taking yet another person she loves
And Mademoiselle, the envelope please...
This week I decided I'd buy a few more distress inks to continue experimenting but couldn't decide which colours to choose. Unfortunately I've also had a cold and I had one of those nights where you are a feverish and have a recurring dream or thought. My recurring thought was what colours of Tim Holtz distress ink pads should I choose. In the cooler light of day I chose stormy sky, tumbled glass, pine needles and peeled paint which have arrived this morning. I already had chipped sapphire so I'm hoping these will work together.
‘Bout limerick I wrote to regale ya.
_____
Last time I introduced you to the concept of the business of Trial Offers (or the Wonderful World of Freebies). In that post I showed you how you can sign up for a Freebies site, choose a gift, complete offers to get credit for the site and then refer others to your site to receive enough credits to be able to claim your gift.
Mother of the bride asked how the rain affected the harp. I told her it wouldn't affect the harp because I don't play outside in the rain. (So says the handy performance contract.) She said they would have to scrounge up a boom box then, because the kids were determined the wedding would be at the park and not inside at the gorgeous reception location.
With a diamond shaped face, the face is smaller at the eye – jaw line with a smaller forehead and chin, the angular features and very present cheekbones are somewhat similar to the square faces. In order to properly accentuate the cheekbones and bring balance to the general facial traits, it is highly recommended to choose for more upswept frames like the cat eye or the oval frame for your sunglasses or eyeglasses.
Well sort of. I had the best intentions to post some more cards last weekend, but then life got in the way again. I had fun at a national scrapbook day crop, thanks Becky.
I’m testing and still learning WordPress.
Who would think that circle paintings would start such a fuss? I got a ton of private emails regarding the I Heart Karina Gentinetta post.
As i gazed at him, he smiled at me and raised his hand. His large hand cupped my face and he wiped away a tear from my eye with his thumb. I didnt even realise i was weeping.
I often make many dishes using semiya and this biryani is one such and a big hit among my friends, also they have tried it out many times and told me that it has turned out perfect. This can be made as a substitute to rice and enjoyed during lunch or at dinner.
Bra tops and garters….naw…gotta leave sumting to the imagination. Plus that’s jus not me.
Newman’s Own Salad Dressing $0.50/1
My brain seems to have stopped functioning. My attorney husband would say that’s assuming a fact not in evidence. How about a few cartoons?
Nothing of any relevance to this story happened between 1958 and 1998/9 when, as I have indicated, I spent a winter in London. After the diagnosis of bronchiectasis on my return to New Zealand I commenced the programme of antibiotics, inhalers and chest clearing exercises recommended by my respiratory physician. There were bad patches, particularly when the weather was humid, but for the most part I was able to function well. Sharon and I had a big overseas trip in 2004 and again in 2008 after a further and very successful hip resection the previous year. We did not stay in London but did take day trips into the city from my daughter Sacha's place in Hemel Hempstead.
As you can see, the book makes a compelling case against Lord Victor Rothschild, whom I believe was never formally uncovered because of his family's massive wealth and influence. Having read the book however, one is left with little doubt that Rothschild was the Fifth Man. He was held in such high esteem in fact, that Churchill entrusted him with testing all his food before it was consumed! Thus he was privy to all sorts of information that was simply unaccessible to other potential spies.
Origin: Turkey (Ankara)
A salad course on its own seems a little unusual to Australian palates, but this is very common on French menus. We welcome the chance to clean our palates, especially when we realise most of the salad greens -- curly watercress, rocket, fennel fronds and radicchio -- have come straight from the backyard garden.
Wynkoop Brewing Company Mile HI.P.A.
7. Technology offers empowerment, not automation.
Philly Pressbox would like to thank our Sponsor, Shop.com.
the rock wall caked with slippery mud? thanks be unto Kater Hater for the much needed boost.
Enough fanboy wibbling! You want to know if it’s any good. Well, as I say, I overpraised the first Hulk at the time, which makes me cautious when it comes to this one. I will say Yes, it’s pretty good, in an unpretentious, CGI-heavy way. There are nice performances from Norton and Liv Tyler as his sweetheart, some amusing gags about stretchy trousers, and – as connoisseurs of the sublime Transporter series will know – while Leterrier may struggle a bit when it comes to character scenes and, to be honest, dialogue, he absolutely knows what he’s up to when it comes to doing action sequences. (Part of me thinks it’s a shame that Jason Statham isn’t in this movie, too – on the other hand, the Hulk’s hard, but he’s not that hard.)
Looks like we have another Hot Thing One situation on our hands, posse. Dammit, I thought I was free from the sorcery of beautiful people.
My SIL's wedding is tomorrow! EEK!! I am excited and soooo stressed. I have to be up by 7:30am and be at our hair appt at 9am and then it's a long drive to the venue (about an hour) and then time to rehearse and then get all prettied up. I will get as many pics as possible to share. Can't wait.
You can argue whether the above is good or bad demolition. This is the type of situation that calls for second thoughts - how to integrate the old and the new - and preserve our history.
The first day of school was today. Good thing you're not at my house right now, because I smell. Bad. Have I mentioned we don't have air conditioning? Have I? Have I mentioned I sweat more than anyone I know?
The text is from this blog post about Rin's adoption story. I copied and pasted it into a Word document, adjusted the margins so it would print out to be less than 4x6 and then edited it a bit to sound less like a blog post and more like journaling.
which has generated more health complaints
That they got some dates wrong. I was at Art College for the 3 day week, which, according to this film happened several years later than it did.
* Clean out your humidifier once a month with bleach and/or alcohol to get rid of any mold or germs.
Alcohol Consumption
Sponsored by the Alumni Association, the Monty Award is a symbol of achievement and success presented to distinguished alumni from each of SDSU’s seven academic colleges, Imperial Valley Campus and Library and Information Access. Distinguished service awards also are given to an exceptional alumni volunteer and an outstanding university employee.
Built in various stages through the nineteenth century, Jesmond Towers is a large Grade II listed gothic-looking building. It was bought by Charles Mitchell (shipbuilder) in 1869. Charles and his wife Anne, who he married in 1854, made the house their home. The lounge was home to many great paintings which were collected by their son who was great art enthusiast.
As the minutes tick by and his coffee cup empties, he listens carefully for the sound of her voice calling his name and sniffs the breeze for a hint of her perfume. He would know her touch anywhere as there is nothing like the feel of her hand in his. If he tries hard enough he can imagine her phantom fingers caressing his skin. Though, he cannot see her face. The memory is no longer vivid and his eyes are a thing of the past.
Don’t drink from that cup,
The gifts you can choose from are far too many to list, but here are a few:
Marcus, the narrator, is now given extended scripts. Instead of “Day #, this is happening”, he’s made to tell jokes and imply events. An example may be “Day # and these two housemates seem to be flirting away from X’s eyes”. On top of the storytelling, the editing is all very flash now. On C4, towards the end, the editing started to take a turn for the worse with additional montages and weird effects and music, and this has now continued into the C5 version to the point where names flash up on screen and whole ‘story sequences’ are invented.
At my heaviest, I remember always feeling trapped...stuck...like I was going to be that way forever.
Tony's three criteria for successful relationships in which one partner has Aspergers Syndrome. Have a think about it.... does your relationship satisfy all three criteria? If not, is there anything you can do about it?
Just back from a weekend away. Went to visit friends north of Seattle, just in time for the Tulip Festival. Thanks to the continuing cold (snow on those foothills) there were probably three field tulips blooming in the whole valley. But the daffodils were glorious! It made my heart soar to stand in the fields and drink it all in. And, as a bonus daffodil blooms were given to everyone attending the Easter services at the church I visited. It was wonderful in every way.
Most types of Mizuno running shoes use the Mizuno wave technology. Some of them are neutral running shoes like Mizuno Wave Creation 11 running shoe, which is engineered for the runner with medium-to-high arches for maximum cushioning and impact protection, and stability shoes like Mizuno Wave Nirvana 6 running shoe which provides support to the medium-arched, flexible foot type.
All of your vistors will have laid their eyes on your house number simply because it’s what lets them know they have arrived at the correct location.
They just had to believe and trust and have faith that the One that was providing for every.basic.need they had was true.
Light is a green muscle verb striated said the quarks
“Chanyeol! You know that I’ll always be by your side. I’ll always be your back up. Please don’t back to the darkness where you used to be.”
And yet… I also do think that there is such a thing as “too young,” even if you’re knowledgeable and safe. Call me crazy, but I really don’t want my daughter having sex in high school – or, gods forbid, middle school. Problem is, I’m having trouble coming up with convincing arguments for why that don’t undermine the other points I want to teach…
2 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice
MH: Bitter Seeds centers around your version of the World War II or more specifically the conflicts between Nazi Germany and Britain. Did you ever worry that creating a story involving Nazi Superhero like people would be seen in a bad light?
We are staying at Artillery Ridge Campground and RV which is also the home of the National Stables. They offer battlefield tours on horseback. Jerry thought that would be a good idea, I did not. It has been far too many years since I have been on a horse and I am no longer featuring an Annie Oakley venture. This RV park has a mixture of sites ranging from tents, to fifth wheels, to cabins to big rigs. On a short walk around the park I spotted the colony of tenters and there asleep in the front seat of one car that belonged to them was a young woman who apparently opted for the front seat of the vehicle in lieu of the ground. And of course they have stables for horses and room for horse trailers for those who tow their own. As soon as we arrived I could smell the horses; a horseman statue on top the roof welcomes arrivals.
You can do the same thing for your closest friends without writing a letter. Say something next time you see each other. Pick up the phone and make a quick call. Send a text or post it on Facebook. Take that small step and remind them (or tell them one more time) all the awesome things you appreciate about them
While the network is still far from completion, the cycling infrastructure is taking shape with separated bike paths beside the sidewalk as the infrastructure
So it’s that dreaded time of year again for college students….. Finals. As I sit here typing this I look around and see the stressed out faces of my peers wondering how they will make it through this next week, but heads up my friends we have made it through before and we will make it through once again! I promise! But just in case for some reason something happens to go wrong, I’m writing this post to tell you there is still hope in life. Today hope comes from Slutty Brownies, let’s face it the name is already enough that you’re pretty intrigued, but the name isn’t even the best part. The best part is why they have their name… they’re SUPER EASY to make. In fact as far as delicious desserts go, I think it is safe to say that this is one of the easiest ones out there. My cousin discovered this recipe a few months ago and we had to make it ASAP…. and then proceeded to make it every week after that because that is how delicious it really was. Take a break, mix some ingredients together and trust me, you’ll feel better about everything after this one!
Greg Joseph Buck, 37, New York, N.Y.
This is my first "official" LOL day as a blogger. for a long time I was a lurker. Reading, laughing, enjoying, fantasizing, not sure if I should comment or not. I know you are out there. Come on in, share a comment. I have found it is like conversing with an acquaintance, getting to know them better, until you have found a blogging or cyber friend! I went from reading to commenting and then to blogging ( with Master's not so gentle push!)
For a complete listing of schools offering the Full-day Early Learning Kindergarten program, please refer to the Halton District School Board website at www.hdsb.ca.
Let me hear your thoughts about it, if you read it.
This response is multiply confused. First, each universe in the ensemble is not simple but is characterized by a multiplicity of independent constants and quantities. If each universe were simple, then why did Dawkins feel the need to recur to the hypothesis of a World Ensemble in the first place? Besides, the issue is not the simplicity of the fundamental laws, for all the universes in the ensemble are characterized by the same laws—where they differ is in the values of the constants and quantities.
So I’ve taken multimedia writing courses, essay writing, literary fiction and nonfiction, critical (reading and) writing, travel and business writing, magazine article writing, and research paper writing. And you know what I’ve learned? That I’m a better writer for it. And that I definitely have a lot more to learn. ~ cs
I had noted this a couple of months ago and tried to address this, featuring beers by Newmans, Purple Moose, Jacobi and Wye Valley.
Here’s why…
There are 900 minutes left in this day, a feast of riches. Even when I am overcome by a flood of tears, even when I ache for the one I love so far away, even when I burn the toast, or my beloved pug Coco died, still, through my tears, I realized how rich my life is, how lucky I was to have her, and how many companions I still have here. I cried until my stomach cramped and my eyes were red and raw but the moments passed, and my body relaxed, and I watched the three remaining dogs circle close around me, not taking their eyes off of me, and I thanked God for all I still had, and for all of the thousands upon thousands of moments still before me to experience all that life will bring, and I felt at peace, and there was a flicker of joy, and I felt Coco's presence, and I relaxed into my chair.
After three and a half years I know for certain that we can do a long distance relationship. It’s the “in-person”/24-7 part that worries me most at this point.
Necklace: Aura: Ethereal Prayer Beads
McGann
2011/2016 of N13 billion for
It's a glistening star
The tomatoes, peppers, and eggplant were all started about 2 weeks earlier than last year and have now been transplanted out into little pots and are sitting on my cabin table with a light on them. The fruit trees are all budding out and have flowers. The comfrey and rhubarb are popping up everywhere and the bed by the greenhouse most of all. Those plants are already full of leaves and nearly a foot tall. If they don't get killed off by the cold I could probably get a rhubarb harvest in another week or two! Is that normal?
We’re leaving momentarily for the night train to visit the Shaolin Temple (and nearby sights over 3 days, like Longmen giant Buddha caves, & ancient capital of Luoyang). In province of Henan.
The EDL is not a group that can look into the future. The EDL simply couldn't have known that this man was a nutcase planning an act of destructive terrorism. He may have never said a word about any of this. So the Jeremy Paxmans and Nick Lowles of this world are basically saying that the EDL should have known that this man would carry out a terrorist attack in about a year’s time (i.e., after he had visited England last year). That’s how pathetic these attempts to smear the EDL are and why guilt by mere association is not guilt at all.
I’ve never dreamed about a wedding. Until now, I didn’t even think about getting married and having kids (because the thought of birthing scares me to hell). But just like every girl I dreamed about wearing something beautiful for my birthday, or my debut (which never happened). I’ve never worn a ball gown. I don’t want to die not having the chance to do just that. I want to be called pretty, not just beautiful (because every one of us is beautiful in different senses and ways). I want to feel special too, even though I always tell people that I don’t give a damn. I do. Just like everyone else.
they would be granted certain freedoms: to marry and raise a family, to work and
Meanwhile on the hockey front, light beer caused more trouble.
12. Son The Father
Why all companies can't be as easy I have no idea!
Hey everyone!! It’s Dylan on my new iPad! It’s the newest version, the 3rd generation. I am really loving it and the screen and retina display is amazing! It cost 500 dollars and I got the 16gb in white. I also bought the grey smart cover and I am going to get a new back for it, too.
Got nobody I’m takin’ home
I cannot tell you how happy this makes me. After all the effing moving we have done in the past decade, it will be nice to be settled and really make this our home, instead of wondering if we can paint, do they allow dogs, will the neighbors be too loud for our in-bed-by-7pm kids? NO ONE WILL LIVE UPSTAIRS! No one will be doing their laundry beneath our apartment at 3am. No one will get drunk and be loud on a Friday night (seriously, no one. We haven't been out in forever.) I am so looking forward to this!
David Byrne: My Big Hands (Fall Through the Cracks)
"In Avignon today. Really hot. Nice place."
petrified by the sudden snap
We do a disservice to the people who seek Christ when all we do is gather together and enjoy a well-thought out service. We can easily misguide people into thinking that it’s all about enjoyment and entertainment. We end up selling a bag of chips that seems completely full and yet half is air. We need to make sure that we give people Jesus – All of Him! May we not get caught up in our wonderful worlds of technology and ignore the fact that God, Jesus and the Holy Spirit must draw people to Himself.
I love when people curious about these phrases and I explained to them that these are cleansing phrases. These five phrases are commonly use in daily life but many do not aware that these phrases has cleansing power. It cleanses ourselves from the unnecessary thoughts that we restore inside our mind especially our subconscious minds. In another article, it says that:
spinach, and fruits
Today-they are at the Texas State Capital. Yes we will be on the steps soon. If you want to be able to have dogs/cats/birds, rescue or not...READ what the Pres of Humane Society of the US says"In fact, I don't want to see another dog or cat born" HU?????????Over my flippin dead body.
2. CHANEL Coco Mademoiselle- CHANEL No. 5 eau de parfum is the first great abstract perfume, N°5 conjures up no precise floral scent and survives the passing of mere trends because it is beyond them. Coco CHANEL wanted “a woman’s fragrance that smells like Woman.” When perfume designer Ernest Beaux presented her with his 5th composition, the choice seemed simple and obvious.
- evening: .2
Some readers will laugh at the previous, and perhaps even say out loud that there are some surprisingly naive creatures on this planet.
I shove the heavy rooftop door open. It weighs more than the world and the burden on my shoulders.
So, if your are like me, you start to learn how to cook more meals from scratch. You learn how to make your own bread. You buy more fruits and vegetables...and you learn new ways of baiting your child into eating some of them. You start to feel good about yourself. Confident even. It's kind of a primal thing to be able to feed your family from the work of your own hands. I am WOMAN. Hear ME roar...kind of feeling.
Bound less out side of time
Last but not least and of course I haven’t covered everyone but I must mention my favorite fire breathing blue teddy bear Eibhear! This guy sure does kick up his frustration with Izzy in this book. I hope we get to see them in a book of there own soon.
There are painters who transform the sun into a yellow spot, but there are others who, thanks to their art and intelligence, transform a yellow spot into the sun.
Well, apparently I hurried a little bit too much, becasue as I was coming out of one of the housing areas, I stopped at a stop sign right before coming off of post, and the bike cops ran in front of my truck. The little guy in the yellow shirt came to my window, and said I was speeding, and to pass over my Military ID, my license, my registration, and my insurance card. Dang! Now I REALLY was gonna be late.
I've been so busy working lately, that I've not had much time for anything else really, but I hope you're all doing well?
I really ought to be sleeping because this weekend is going to be busy, in an awesome way. Today is my first day back to the Sweat Shop (you might know it as the Costume Department) of the local children's musical theatre company that my son has been in the cast of since he was 8. Last night, we had our "welcome back" meeting, and I saw all these people that I haven't seen since last November. It seemed as if each and every one of them had to stop me and ask how much weight I've lost! lol I've decided that I am just saying, "A lot." and smiling from now on. :) Today the kids have their "read through" of the script, and us mamas and grandmas get to corral and measure 60 kids from head to toe, literally, and figure out what we are doing for each one for costumes. Most kids have 5-6 costume changes each. (Joe got one of the leads, so he has even more!) Now consider that we put this entire show together on the weekends in Sept and October and run the show the first 3 weekends in November. It is incredible what we can accomplish, all working together.
Dress appropriately, or at least dress with a purpose. Your appearance will influence the way interviewees respond to you.
I have a dear friend Ann that I have know for 13 years now. She has been my mentor for adding a child to our family via adoption.
Once adhered together, there is a pocket inside the slit big enough for a gift card. I lined the inside of the card with white cardstock and adhered the Happy Graduation circle. I rotated the image so you could read Happy Graduation down the side if the flap was down.
with a rusty blade
to the Lord in his time of trial.
I've managed to bodge it together for now, but there'll have to be some serious improvements for next year. The second frame was unaffected as I had to move the hop plants for that structure and they didn't take off as well as those that were already in position.
13. donate to charity, ie the Fresh Air Fund and Camp Mariah. Local charities too, sure. I’ll donate but I won’t ever blab about the amount ever because together with my newly earned riches, comes classiness.
**BILL**
JJ: It’s sad, isn’t it. A lot of pieces in the book are really melancholy. It’s weird, last night I read the One Tree Hill piece and everybody was laughing, but afterwards at the wine and cheese thing this woman said to me, “That is a strangely melancholy little essay,” and I said, “I totally agree.”
Luke 19:12-27
But what are yours? If you could go back in time and hand out Printz awards to pre-1999 titles, which would you pick?
Thank you always for reading always, for your inspiring commentary, for understanding (and sometimes not understanding), for loving flowers, for your amusement at beauty and interest in what I have to say.
“But we’ll miss our flight,” she worried.
In the miniseries’ second episode titled, “Manifest Destiny”, Thunder Heart Woman had seemed impervious to her white in-laws’ attitude toward her, during her immediate family’s short stay with her in-laws in Virginia. Even when faced with the disapproval of a German minister and fellow wagon immigrant called Preacher Hobbes (Derek de Lint), she remained impervious to his bigotry. At least according to her husband’s narrative. But this essay is not about Thunder Heart Woman. It is about one of the men in her life – the one love in her life, who managed to catch my attention. Namely one Jacob Wheeler (Matthew Settle and later John Terry).
In a report from the Association of Teachers and Lecturers conference this year, teachers have reported that children have increased aggression and more violent as they are being left unsupervised by their parents to play inappropriate computer games.
Anyway, the application was flawless, I used two coats and a top coat. Kiko is definetly becoming one of my all time favourite brands, for the quality of their products and the nice colour selection!
I don't mind a screen taking up a specific area of a pub if there is something important on (and there was I admit) but the screen is situated in the middle of the pub. As soon as the coverage started the whole pub became a sea of gawping and gasping and groaning - the pub practically became the fixture. I don't get that at all.
(1cup almonds, 2 cups water)
Chipboard Alphabet (sorry can't remember who's)
33. Worst injury you have ever had?
The Noblisse Oblige Award
Still, I am tired. Bill and I have decided to bring in a wonderful lady one night a week. She will take care of the babies so that we can get one night of uninterrupted sleep. What originally felt like a luxury we could probably do without; definitely feels like a necessity today. Luckily, tonight is her first night.
- I love how she is such a great traveler ... we take car trips (3 hours each way) to see our parents fairly frequently and Kate just gazes out the window, plays with her bunny, or dozes on and off. She's such a good sport.
Fun story:
Labour were in the ascendancy. I remember a trip to Westminster on business, where a Labour MP showed me around the Commons. He had the air of a man about to buy the place, he waved around the various rooms indicating where they'd be putting new carpets and fresh wall paper. Change was tangible, the wicked witch was gone and Major surely couldn't hang on in the face of Blair's appeal to Essex Man. Spurred on by the death of John Smith MP, Labour were in prime position to grab a record 56 seats in Scotland a couple of years time.
Do you want all visuals to be printed on cardstock for increased durability? What about outlines? Tell them what is expected. I personally recommend hands-on visuals always be printed on cardstock (then laminated). Outlines can go either way.
Zu will fry ' Bi Hoon Goreng'. To add up there will be 'SunQuick' orange juice with ice cubes and fruits.
which I responded to by taking each unit on with my Terminators, whilst my Emperors Champion moved off solo to take out Mike's deckchair unit, and the Command Squad consolidated its position with my scoring units. The game was set to be a draw, I had diverted so much back to deal with the Wolf Scouts and lost so many scoring units to them at the same time, I could only just score enough to draw. The game however continued.
Fuck, looks like people have interest in this blog again. No, I didn't get raptured. I just ran out of flowcharts. But I have some more, so time to resurrect this.
*If the pull of gravity on our bodies is so great, why doesn’t our skin puddle around our ankles as we near the end of life? With the skin’s elasticity slackening more each year that seems like the logical outcome. Fortunately, that does not occur, because it would be totally gross. In actuality, skin just hangs loose in various places.
3 Flowers
Two Saturdays ago, I went and visited my Grandpa in the rehab center that he has been staying at for almost a month now. I am so grateful that I went and visited him. I can't begin to tell you how great it was to talk to him and have an hour or so alone-one on one. I talked to him about newly married life. How I really live in the country now and how I love it. We talked about our chickens and ducks and showed him pictures of them. We also talked about how me and my siblings swam in the pool and played in the field at his house with our cousins. I had some of the best times at his house. I told him I always had a good time when I visited. I think it made him feel good to hear that.
01. Fanfare For The Common Man
It continues to be my pleasure to serve as the 35th District Council Member in the New York City Council, for Brooklyn residents, and for every person residing in the five boroughs that my office is able to help.”
L.A. Times, both 11/30/09) deeming it "peaceful," while at the same
I wonder if they really care?
And he is strong….I am talking baby hulk strong! He has a basket of toys in the living room that he will grab and dump ON him. He feeds himself his bottle and good luck trying to take the bottle away before he is done. You have to fight him to take it from him. It is crazy just how strapping he is, you don’t think a baby should be able to be stronger than you!!
Michael Carden revisits church history to show how the ‘institution’ of marriage evolved and argues for a broadening of recognition to include other kinds of relationships.
39If I have taken its produce without payment, causing the death of its owners;
Home Alone ... FMC ... 2 AM
He added, as the Times noted, “And I have to tell you that for most people who need affordable housing, that’s just not an argument that washes." The developer has cited the affordable housing to justify the scale of the project, but, given that the scale is not regulated by zoning, that makes the project size a privately-negotiated zoning bonus, rather than an inclusionary zoning package as negotiated by City Council for the Greenpoint and Williamsburg waterfront.
Gray vest and yellow tee, Charlotte Russe. Black turtleneck, Mossimo. Gray slacks, The Limited. Yellow pumps, Victoria Spenser. Black patent headband, Claire’s. Circular brooch, thrifted.
Some other neat applications of Google Earth in Kindergarten might be:
Tate: "Oh....but can I get another Mommy?"
I was lucky enough to get the International House John Haycraft Classroom Exploration scholarship to be able to go to the conference. Without it, it would have been difficult for me to get there, and I am incredibly grateful for the opportunity I was given. As a condition of the scholarship, I had to do a presentation at the conference, and this was one of the highlights of the week for me. I’m one of those strange people who enjoys public speaking and I was on such a high after the talk that I found it very difficult to get to sleep that night! Mike Hogan took an excellent photo (just one of many he took during the conference!) after it had finished, which sums up a lot of my memories of the week:
A lot of watering, cultivating, and care has to be made for everything to grow properly.
No honking, no car , truck or bus sounds came through ..
Happy New Year everyone, go get'em.
that chug round and round
I told him to let the driver know where he needed to get out, that they would probably let him know when they got there.
"I got this movie in that Canadian package, never got released. But I found the guy who did it. Wanna do the commentary?"
Fold overhang in to form double thick sides. Press tart edges to raise dough 1/8 inch above pan. Chill for 30 minutes.
"Float" scallops in individual bowls of Soup and add a bit of Fresh grated Parmesan Cheese.
In short, never underestimate the power of music in cinematography. If you care to look hard enough you can spot the sonorous patterns that are used as potent emotive cues time and time again. They can attempt to be subliminal in nature, and plenty remain that way. But they still blatantly heighten our sensory experience of any and all film, and will continue to be skillfully utilized in future productions.
For those just tuning in, I really dislike the GW Mangler Squig model soooo I have made my own out of Chaos spawn legs, green stuff and a couple of ping pong balls...
"Bloody squirrels," he said as he headed to the garage for his gardening gloves and a trowel.
You are my paradise, my peponi.
Standing in a line of over 200 people at 7 am in San Diego, California during a very cold and windy morning; I thought back to when I first saw the, now famous, post-credit Iron Man scene where Sam Jackson playing Nick Fury uttered the word “Avengers.” Who knew that one word would lead to this, in my opinion, the greatest comic book film I’ve yet to see. Allow me to explain.
Three councils — Hackney, Newham and Oxfordshire — even cater for Maltese, even though English is an official language on the bilingual island of Malta.
LG has launched its latest series of Cinema 3D Smart TVs, incorporating Cinema Screen design and large screen size 3D TVs.
Obviously cutting the recipe down IS an option. This makes a lot of stew – and as far as I can remember – it does freeze and reheat fine. Just be careful not to burn it when reheating. I prefer to reheat on the stove, not in a microwave.
I’m watching the trial of Anders Breivik via my twitter feed and a couple of disturbing trends are appearing. I think we can all agree that no matter what your political beliefs, you have instantly lost whatever argument you hoped to form when you started shooting children. Lest we forget, our Freemason friend of freedom was quite happy to slaughter innocent members of public minding their own business in the centre of Oslo – for the “greater good”.
They come to see; they come to be
How can one set of letters have so many different pronunciations? It just does, that’s all! A novelist’s only defense is to study, learn, and remain ever diligent!
Love Hate Heartbreak
Thor smiled before leaning in to kiss me. His lips were warm on mine; they were gentle. Time seemed endless, as if the world had stopped spinning. I sighed into the kiss, giving myself over to the dizzy sensation. Nothing had ever felt this right, and I had a feeling that nothing ever would.
Control.
AL East:
2. Cook broccoli until heated through (if frozen, 3 minutes in the microwave worked for me)
Now through out the movies I have two characters that battle for my attention. First is Dominic Toretto. I think I’ve summed it up in my review of the first Fast and Furious movie. It has to do with his charisma. The second character is first introduced in this movie, and yet again he oozes charisma, but one that is so laid back and happy with his place in the world you just want to be his friend. I’m speaking of Han as played by Sung Kung. Han is such a great presence I’m glad he was one of the things that carried through to the other movies. Speaking of great things Lucas Black as Sean Boswell impressed me greatly in the lead role. He’s a trouble maker, but a kid who wants to do well, he needs guidance. Thankfully both Sung and Lucas have a great chemistry which works well for the student mentor relationship.
We’ve seen this process work. In just one instance, two former executives of UnitedHealth Group Inc., accused of compensation abuse, agreed to give back over $600 million under the clawback provisions of Sarbanes-Oxley.
"We are going through tough economic times, and Londoners are understandably concerned about their jobs and the cost of living. That is why my priorities over the last four years have been cutting waste and bureaucracy at City Hall and ensuring your tax money is put where Londoners want to see it spent.
I've only used this film a couple of times and both of those with my actiontracker but I think its the perfect film for multilens cameras due to the tiny aperture of the lenses and the sensitivity of the ISO 800 rating of this film.
Given my penchant for seventies television references, it might not surprise you that I am often a bit out of touch with contemporary popular culture. Still, because my gym pumps in the current top 20 on an endless cycle, I am able to at least identify songs that are circulating widely. Over the past few months, I have come to two conclusions. One, Fox is making a fortune off those Glee kids. Two, this country seems to prefer our young women to be drunk and reckless.
For Milk mixture:
choices will be easy, because several sizes are available. They usually cost
1Co 4:2 Here now it is required among the dispensers that a man be found faithful.
They're not extraordinary changes. Your mind will not be blown, but still... it's weird. A new soap dispenser here, a sparkling toilet brush there, but the frequency has caught my attention.
Begin by eating healthier. I want to encourage you to eat citrus fruits at this time, mango, lemon (squeezed in water or tea), oranges, grapefruit and lime. Lemons have especially high vibrations and are cleansing both for the physical and astral realm. You really can’t go wrong adding a little lemon to your diet right now.
The first minute or two of a patient’s first appointment with me is always the most telling. In these first few minutes I begin to get a sense of what the patient expects out of their time with me. Some don’t know what to expect, as they have never been to a physical therapist before. Some have seen a physical therapist before and had either a good or bad experience. That expectation is at times brought with them when they see me. The hardest type of expectations for me to deal with are those of a patient who has a preconceived notion of what physical therapy is and expects to be treated in that way, whether it is a notion that I agree with or not. Some my patients have no expectations at all, as this is their first time in physical therapy. Their doctor told them to go but that is all they know.
“Hmm, maybe this is something that comes more easily to Draenei magi.”
06 Here Comes Everybody (incomplete)
Contact information: melissabynesbrooks@comcast.net
I might do it later. And remember you can still send me your fan pictures.
Patty Gallagher’s performance sponsored by Karen DeLay & Bill Sandel
The story was an alien invasion sort of thing: One group of aliens has come to escape the other group of aliens, who are intent on occupying Earth. The first group must defend the helpless planet against the evil aliens while keeping alive themselves. The Earth-is-a-battleground-for-supernatural-powers thing.
Raven Nirvanni survives on the fringes of a shattered culture. While on a self-imposed suicide mission to annihilate an enemy destroyer, she encounters the imprisoned biomech. Deciding the fate of humanity far outweighs the destruction of a single ship, she recues him and decides to ensure he reaches his destination.
In 2002, Mayor Michael Bloomberg committed funds to recycle it as an urban path…
Peru’s Deputy Minister for Natural Resource Development, Gabriel Quijandria Acosta, said a virus might have killed the dolphins.
said
Nootropic-like effect of ashwagandha (Withania somnifera L.) in mice.
I promise not to ever talk about things like un-Photoshopped models or stars without make-up. Honest to God. I know that it makes some people feel prettier to know that celebrities are normal too, but I don’t think that we need to discuss it. Also I think that maybe this discussion is making us dumber? And if we stopped then Kim Kardashian could get a non-image-focused skill-based job. I think she might make a good conveyancing solicitor, or tax accountant. Maybe a teacher’s aide.
The next time you’re tempted to take all the credit for yourself; to not acknowledge all of the loyal, dedicated, hardworking people who helped you reach your goals; to not pay a fair wage to those who continue to allow you to realize your dreams, just remember:
Seeking a Scribe: Enchanted Bookstore Legend One
In the old days, my parents bought a couple of movies, but they were fairly expensive. We had hundreds of EP VHS tapes with movies recorded off TV, though. Sure, they were generally cut or time compressed and sometimes had a ticker on the bottom with weather alerts. If you didn’t want them to have commercials, you had to sit there while it was recording and pause and unpause the recording, which was easy to mess up and miss part of the movie. Also, they looked considerably worse than television broadcasts, which didn’t look so great to begin with since we had a rabbit-ear antenna and lived on low ground. However, you could fit about three movies on a tape that cost about two dollars. The main difficulty was storage.
Make your voice heard.
of you
Trade winds for peace
Written Preview
What do you think the appeal of cyberpunk is? There’s an obvious visual answer, I suppose. The visuals, both of on-screen and written cyberpunk, are great. There’s a jarring sensation when we see a person, get very close, and realize their eyes have a brand name stamped into the corneas. It has something to do with the uncanny and the grotesque. A sweet metal arm with chip inserts and LED lights is both familiar and unfamiliar — uncanny. It reminds us of things we’d rather not remember, like how we could lose an arm, need a replacement; it even reminds us of what it is to be human. We think of humanity as something biological. We’re born human, aren’t we? So are people with mechanical, or even biomechanical, limbs less human somehow? We would of course say no about people now, with simple limb replacements that strive to duplicate the original, missing part.
After checking out of our hotel, we were to meet up in Sedona for an early afternoon image review session. My concern was that the forecast called for 90% chance of showers throughout the day and we had a planned sunset shoot at Oak Creek Crossing. I began to get excited as a quick check of the Doppler Radar showed that the front was indeed hitting Sedona, but it was only 9am and were weren’t planning on arriving until 5:30pm. Outside of Flagstaff, we met the storm front head-on. We experienced everything from a dust storm, to heavy rain, to finally snow in Flagstaff! The snow continued as we began our descent into Sedona via Oak Creek Canyon, but began to lighten as we made our way down the canyon from 7,000 – 4,000 feet. By the time we arrived at our hotel in Sedona, we were treated to blue skies and I was somewhat dismayed. But my co-instructor Gary Hart quickly reminded me that unstable air follows fronts and that the clouds would more than likely materialize.
When one type of library is threatened, all libraries are threatened.
A couple of thrift shops,
(Together)
Okay, all bets are off. I’m out of the torture dimension of Pinhead and I’m ready to kick these demons’ asses for keeping me trapped there for two of their god-awful films. This time I’m fighting back! I’m going to DESTROY THEM ONCE AND FOR ALL! And unfortunately for me, that means I have to sit through the worst Hellraiser film, Bloodline.
Oh, you make me, make me so blue
But as great as she's been, we've still had to get used to a few things.
Our Friday night movie this year is GONE, BABY, GONE, based on the novel of the same name, to be followed by a discussion with our SleuthFest Guest of Honor Dennis Lehane. On Saturday, Dennis will be our Saturday lunch Keynote Speaker, and in the afternoon he will participate on two panels: "Characters Who Withstand the Test of Time" and "Making History." In the afternoon, join him poolside for a discussion of GONE, BABY, GONE, the novel. Finally, in a not-to-be missed session on Sunday morning, reviewer Oline Cogdill will interview Dennis and Neil S. Nyren (Senior VP, Publisher and Editor-in-Chief of G.P. Putnam's Sons) about the publishing industry, writing, and the mystery genre.
From Goodreads: In Fort Hood housing, like all army housing, you get used to hearing through the walls... You learn too much. And you learn to move quietly through your own small domain. You also know when the men are gone. No more boots stomping above, no more football games turned up too high, and, best of all, no more front doors slamming before dawn as they trudge out for their early formation, sneakers on metal stairs, cars starting, shouts to the windows above to throw them down their gloves on cold desert mornings. Babies still cry, telephones ring, Saturday morning cartoons screech, but without the men, there is a sense of muted silence, a sense of muted life.
on natural stock shall wither and remain sere;
The remarkable thing about Sehwag is that this precision eyesight normally decays with age requiring a mid career change of technique. Even Sobers and Lara found it harder and harder as they grew older and made adaptions, but Virender treated the world to a superb display this week in his 219 in 149 balls with 25 fours and seven sixes at the age of 33.
* Strain the feijoas and add them to the pan.
This is a beautiful book. My grandparents got this for Little maybe before she was born. It is one of the books that I read to her every night before bed. I have also bought it for two of our little friends because we just love it that much. The second book we read is Good Night Moon. Which is just a classic.
Just peel back a layer. Take a taste. Go on! You might be surprised.
In NYC, “it is disorderly conduct for one man to greet another on the street by placing the end of his thumb against the tip of his nose and wiggling the extended fingers of that hand.”
Christ came FOR the sick, he came to call “sinners,” NOT the “righteous,” not the self-satisfied, not the smug.
They warn of delays of up to one hour on key Tube routes. The Central and Jubilee lines will be worst hit as these are will used to take spectators eastwards to the Olympic Park in Stratford.
2 KINGS 6:1-33
"Your legs from the knee down are tiny"
I had had an agruement with my fiance at the time and my sons godmother had told me to go out with her for a few drinks with her and our male friend.
Q:Can you send me the Vienna Boys' Choir schedule? ( USA )
Courtney~
Here is a mock up of my Twinkling Star (with fabric and markers).
Oh, nevermind. First, it’ll sweep your floor of all the dirt. Next? It’ll clean THE WORLD of useless humans! I’m on to you vacuum robot. You little waffle-iron lookin’ mother fucker.
My hands, so nimble with yours waltzing across my own
Cain killed his brother Abel by slitting his throat, as one would in animal slaughter. The two men were Adam and Eve’s sons; so, murder — as horrible as it is — appears very early in the Bible. It demonstrates that there are wicked minds in the world capable of death and destruction.
After about half an hour the metal has completely solidified, and can be immersed in cold water to cool it down. Doing this also damps down the investment, the dust from which contains silicone and other nasties that you don’t want to breathe in. When it comes out of the water, the muffle looks like this.
I can't thank you enough for your kind comments on my last blog. I have to admit, it was a huge relief to write it. Like many things, it was darker and uglier and more harmful while hidden away shamefully in my head and heart. Getting it out made it seem just a little less all encompassing and unmanageable. Receiving support, instead of the judgment I expected and thought I deserved, was a huge boast the last few days. So thank you.
Now that I’m getting used to writing VSVs it’s not taking me as long to do them. The first few times I did RVOs and VSVs—the difference between the two being whether or not they contain a sound grab—it probably took me around two hours to go through interviews, find the right grabs, write down what they said in the grabs, write a story broadcast style, add in all the clip information to match what I wrote and then add any other details. Now it probably takes me just over an hour to write a VSV (depending on the topic of course; fluffier/happier pieces take a lot less time to figure out).
L 1.65 x W 0.7 x H 1.06in
I once ran 140kph along the Skyway.
In partnering with 360training.com, we are able to ensure that the courses offered are industry approved, deemed acceptable by the respective states they’re offered in.
I note for the sake of completeness that in spite of the alleged induction of some sort of monkey-autism-via-vaccines, these monkeys appeared to survive on a diet containing casein -- 40% casein, as a matter of fact -- and biscuits containing wheat gluten. Just wondering why the autistic enterocolitis didn't afflict these poor macaques in spite of that MMR vax. Poor macaques that, by the way, were removed from their mothers at birth and kept separate from each other with no physical contact. And for what? To test them with the carefully selected -- oh, let's just call it cherry picked, shall we? -- "1994-1999 vaccine schedule." I'd like to see the IACUC justification for this one.
* ” A Run for the Money”- Wear $ signs, you can buy cardboard coins to wear
You say other things too. You may not curse me out but that would be verbal abuse. What you do is minimize my feelings, do not accept my choices, and put pressure on me to do what you would not do yourself, and what you have not required your other children to do either.
Today’s excerpt is from 2009. I’m on the way to June Lake where I’ll camp for the night.
it’s impossible to understand the extent of this Love. Time and time again we disappoint, still in our brokenness we are loved by the Creator. Amazing. Any other person would just give up.
04. Lights out, words gone 5:01
Greg: I was excited for Blake’s selection of The Garage Café. I have been many a times with the bros in the evening hours to hang out on the patio area and enjoy the weather. I had always seen the lunch menu and small kitchen area, thinking that it would be good place to try for lunch. We settled in to our small table, due to the restaurant being pretty full at lunch time. TV’s were on showing college basketball. The menu was unique in that it didn’t have any prices on it. It had some basic sandwiches and a soup of the day option. Being a cash only establishment, I came in with a set amount of money on me to spend ($10). The no prices made it an adventure. I settled on a turkey and ham sandwich on wheat bread. This came with some wavy Lays chips. I topped it off with a water. I figured this would keep me under budget. We waited about 10 or so minutes for our sandwiches. When they arrived, I was happy with the large size of the sandwich and amount of chips. The sandwich was stuck firmly in between “not bad” and “not great”. There wasn’t anything wrong with it, it was just a normal sandwich. I ended up closing out at under $8, which was exciting. If you are in the area, give it a try and judge for yourself. Overall Rating: 2.5 out of 5 Bros
Put down your iPad and get your cultured cap on for April. It’s hotting up this Easter in the art and design world, some perfect viewing for a free bank holiday…or two.
Decisions purposefully crafted for breath: longevity, sanity, happiness.
It kept fermenting all the way down to 1004 giving a final alcohol content of nearly 11%!!! I bottled it and thought it would be fine after 3 or 4 weeks 'aging' in the bottles. It wasn't fine. When I opened the first bottle I poured it out into a glass, I didn't even have to sniff the glass I could smell it from a distance. It smelt vile. The taste was out of this world in terms of disgusting things I had consumed! I gave some to SWMBO and I thought she was going to start crying the taste was that bad!
AF: The Hunt likely began while watching Adam Lambert’s performance of Tears for Fears’ Mad World on American Idol. The following lyrics made an impression, and stayed with me for days afterwards.
Start with your favorite white flesh fish. Squeeze lemon juice over fish, sprinkle with black pepper and brown sugar. Smoke fish on hickory wood on Low heat approx 200 – 250 degrees until done. Cool fish then crumble by hand
5. If you are bringing a vehicle please assign a designated driver.
The minister first claimed that we had not sold sniper rifles to Libya - as far as she was aware.
1/2 tsp vanilla
Which maps the contours
To finish the shadow box, I added a vintage brass drawer pull, and glass cover. The pieces is ready to hang on the wall or sit on a stand.
These people, because they do not have truth, liberty, or even attractiveness (let alone Beauty) on their side, they are easy to defeat - but only if you try. But if you do, ahhh the joys of Conservativism, "To crush your enemies -- See them driven before you, and to hear the lamentation of their women (or metrosexuals, as the case may be)!" Sorry, couldn't resist.
Police arrested 13 men in raids across Oxford on Thursday, March 22, after investigating the suspected ring since May last year.
It was raining. Around us were hundreds of students, each one with an umbrella. Joanne stopped one after another asking for directions, and they smiled and shrugged, or smiled and pointed, and slowly we homed in to the the Institute of Sericulture and Systems Biology, Southwest University, Chongqing. It is a large building, looking much like any typical modern university department in the UK, but this one tucked in among high sub-tropical trees and sweeping driveways.
In spite of the failure of the 1994 predictions, Family Radio didn’t self-destruct… and Harold Camping didn’t change his tune. As the years went by up to 2011, he became even more idiosyncratic and even more sure of himself that THIS time he had the dates right. And he drug Family Radio along with him.
We should not pity ourselves nor should we want to be pitied by others. I won’t allow the fact that my parents never went to college to be a reason to believe that I cannot receive a degree. I won’t allow the past sins I have engaged in to detour my ability to fully serve the Lord. I won’t allow my past misconceptions about love to determine how I love others. Even as I love, I pray to always love with the love of Christ. I won’t even allow my old passion for medicine to modify the pursuit of happiness in any career God has for me. And ultimately, I won’t allow the lies of the enemy in the past to steal the joy, prosperity, and dominance given to me by the Lord. Haven’t you heard? The past is gone and the new is here (2 Corinthians 5:17) !
You’re dead, I’m vindicated.
the earth is strong and present
but in my heart
Mike is also husband to the lovely and talented Paulette and Dad to my pals, Eva and Ella.
That furthest right group of voters has never been all that friendly to Romney though. What has to be a greater sign of concern for him is that with those labeling themselves as only 'somewhat conservative' he still trails Perry 37-19 with Bachmann at 11% and Cain at 10%. When Romney's primary threat was Bachmann he was still winning this group of voters. But Perry seems to be filling a void for voters looking for someone more conservative than Romney and more credible than Bachmann and if he can sustain his lead with that segment of voters he's going to be tough to topple.
We need co-workers!
We have been travelling lately so I haven't been able to keep up with blogging. Also, perhaps like Kris a while back, I didn't feel "good enough" to blog for many a reasons!
“They have never built a highway before this. Why give such a major project to them? This is not even their core business,” he told reporters at the Parliament lobby.
Brookie.. is a whole different personality...... she has zero patience. She can go from smiling and happy to a full blown ear piercing scream in one second. Once Brookie has had enough of something......she has had enough!!.....there are no warnings..... there are no cues......she just breathes in .....and screams!
21.Where would you most like to live?
She is such a peaceful babe, never really uttering a cry. She loves being read to, and loves her brother jumping up and down.
These shotgun loads can vary from light trap loads, which generally use a shorter 2-1/2" or 2-3/4" shell (or even 1-3/4" in some specialty loads), and launch relatively light loads of very small pellets at a moderate velocity to hit clay targets; to heavy 3.5" magnum slug loads, which launch a single very heavy projectile, at relatively high velocities, for hunting and personal defense.
This is the view from a friend's beachhouse at Fort Morgan, Alabama, at Gulfshores. I spent 5 days of fun with some great friends, but was glad to get home, and back to my family. Whenever we go to Gulfshores, we have to eat at Lulu's. Lulu Buffett is the sister of Jimmy Buffet, and has created a great restaurant which is a fun place for everyone in the family.
b) nobody can afford to do at the salary offered unless they are prepared to live nine people to a bedsit. (or moonlight at Uncle Raj's convenience store)
tomato Ketchup-2 tbsp
Have a great day! Hug the busiest person you know. Remind them to take a moment to share a hug!
Along with, Why don’t you consider Scary Hallow’s eve Invitations?
I would personally say a "suitable penalty" was in the 25 year + range; they're talking about a calculating rapist, a grown man who targetted a young girl he had power over, as if he's a naughty schoolboy who couldn't possibly have realised what he was doing was wrong.
Knowledge is the first step I suppose. My goal is to be a well-rounded pilot, which means being able to glide effortlessly between tandems, solo, acro, cross-country...whatever the case may be. My transitions definitely need work, but at least now I know what I need to focus on. Today looks like a good opportunity - my friend may have a tandem for me and then after I can free-fly and as the wind is forecast to pick up later there may be a chance to practice some acro. Nothing like trying to fix everything at once!
The Road to Christmas (Not for Children) ... LMN ... 6 PM
I’ve changed, huh? I mean. I look different. I act…a little bit different. It’s quite a shaky thought, really…
The Law and Jesus Christ
or flying high in the sky
1 fresh green chilli (chpped finely)
We use the name White Dragon. There is another group that calls themselves the White Hats.
“Oh god, please don’t let him do anything stupid.”
Circus Circus might be hell on Earth. A casino is the last place I ever want to ran over by a stroller.
With regard to this recipe, I suggest cutting the tail ends from the fillets. Those ends tend to taste more "fishy" than the thicker parts. If you like that, don't bother cutting them off (like I said, I'm admittedly picky about fish). But if you don't want to bite into that, and you don't want to throw away the meat, cook it in a separate dish alongside this one and give it to the dogs or the cats - they love it. Also, I don't measure. This is seriously a sprinkle and cook sort of recipe. Fresh dill is ideal, but dried works well, too - just don't be shy with your sprinkling.
The Professor: "I learned to French kiss today!"
Apart from racial policy, the institute I head has been documenting almost every aspect of South Africa since our foundation in 1929. It was inevitable then that when the ANC came to power in 1994, people asked us why South Africa should not become just another African disaster.
The bag is classic in both style and colour and is perfect for both the office and weekends and will age beautifully.
Instead of joining in all of the celebrations at this year's Christmas parties, I decline the invitations because I am just not ready to do that right now.
Another example of a balancing prosecution I gave was where a case relating to a crime usually associated with one racial group (non-whites) is brought against members of a different race (whites). These cases are often brought on the basis of very questionable evidence merely because the level of publicity it will generate will mitigate against similar, genuine, prosecutions against members of other races, thus producing a balancing effect. If handled skilfully enough it can even tip the balance of perception far enough so that the wider public come to believe that the second racial group (whites) are primarily guilty, of what is in truth a majority non-white crime.
Viscount Swinton. Might consider Cttee. on social aspects, alone.
It remains to see whether this is going to stand. The Muslim Brotherhood's Freedom and Justice Party had a second candidate ready in the wings, Mohamed Morsi. And the Salifis have Abdel Moneim Aboul Fotouh. But a change at this point obviously hurts both candidates, the Islamists and Salafis are livid and it remains to be seen whether the military junta is going to be able to pull this switcheroo off.
On the other hand whatever we declare as our life conditions, we will reap! So if you accept that you are vulnerable, then you are accepting risk of inviting danger into your life.
Search your heart you know you can't deny it
I hope that mostly answers the question. As I have said, everyone’s situation is different, so every foster parent will answer this question differently. If there are any other foster or adoptive families reading I would love to hear your thoughts and all about how you came to the decision to foster and/or adopt. Please feel free to ask questions if you have any!
TI – Texas Instruments
When he saw them, he smiled grimly and clicked off the lamp. "Well, this is it." He pulled a chain from under his shirt. On it was a tiny silver key. He pushed himself up and walked across the room like an old man, wearily and slowly, as though life has pressed him down. Sam gripped Abby's hand. It was damp, but she didn't let go.
I don't blush. But I thought perhaps I'd do a rosy-cheeked look, because I thought it'd pair well with my Hourglass lip stain. It all came together for one of those fresh-faced looks. I think. I'm not sure. I kept the eye makeup minimal and pink-toned, with winged liner. I tried to beat my brows into some semblance of good behavior and added generous amounts of pink blush. I think I need to do more looks like this just for going out. The Hourglass lip stain is one of my absolute favorites, and I need to showcase it more often.
Now you might be in Japan at the time yourself and get blamed "perhaps"in the wrong.
Last week BA revealed plans for assimilating BMI that will see nearly half the 2,700 staff lose their jobs. How are the job cuts decided?
We settled on a more bear-like creature, after a couple of variations.
Create your Culture
3) Walking down from Leopoldsberg to Nussdorf, looking through crimson and golden leaves, across rolling hills and vineyards, at Vienna laid out below us, nice and cozy-like.
Link away! What are you reading?
A weekend family gathering to try out the food at Restaurant Unique Seafood, Subang@Citta Mall an up and coming F&B place in Ara Damansara.
Adoption creates complex emotions bcause adoption itself is complex, forming out of complex situations. As adoptive parents, we must avoid growing easily angered when discussing adoption and adoption issues... because we may fully understand just three or four of the 25 or 30 issues important to the topic at hand. It's always far more complex than we realize.
I agree with the DBJ assessment of removing the core… but I agree because the core forwards are not very good at contributing to offense. Of the forwards that remained at the end of the season on the Columbus Blue Jackets, only one has a career points per game over 0.80, and that’s Rick Nash. Only two are above 0.60 points per game over their career (Nash and Prospal) and neither is overwhelmingly dominant enough to make up for the lack of other skilled players. The core needs to go because, quite simply, the core is not effective. They need to be replaced with skill. The focus should not be on resigning Dorsett and Boll. Winning is learned when the team has enough skill to win games. Character can wait until that happens.
“Everyone they’ve ever know
Members of the Chazen Museum of Art or Wisconsin Public Radio can call ahead and reserve seats for Sunday Afternoon Live performances. Seating is limited. All reservations must be made Monday through Friday before the concert and claimed by 12:20 p.m. on the day of the performance. For more information or to learn how to become a museum member, contact the Chazen Museum at (608) 263-2246.
BRITAIN’S most senior army officer thought that Gerry Adams should be arrested in 1981, a confidential document just released has revealed.
HDL - 30
Satsy moves to Austin and enrolls at University of Texas. Most time spent listening to Who records and trying to learn to play mother's Yamaha classical guitar. Learns some more chords and about 30 Beatles songs from songbooks.
In subsequent statements, both sides blamed the other for an impasse that threatens to plunge the nation into a fiscal crisis if the government fails to meet a looming deadline to raise the federal debt ceiling.
I would be surprised if many Group of 88 members haven’t already consulted counsel, and I would be even more surprised if counsel hadn’t told them the ambiguity of the statement’s language could be made, in a court of law, to show that the signatories were saying things against the lacrosse team. Because of their overall record of statements and actions, several arts and sciences professors would seem to be at least as legally vulnerable as is Kim Curtis.
The Lowcountry Business Network and Armada Real Estate have put forth so much effort to make this year’s event bigger than ever, and we are so excited for this year’s tournament. As the Charleston Basket Brigade’s big kick-off to fundraising efforts for 2012, this event will go a long way to help us reach the goal of feeding 18,000 Lowcountry people in need this Thanksgiving. We hope you sign up today and join us May 2 to help give back – and have some golfun’!
Oh royal scorn, shades of red
I am teaching these 3 classes at Yoga North. Please visit their site or call them at 218-722-YOGA to sign up. Each class generally fills to capacity so I recommend that you sign up early.
Bonjour! I'm hoping my new blog will be a great way to keep each other posted about things we experience and love here in our little corner of paradise.
Sit baby upright during feeding. Minimize distractions and ensure the teat is always full with milk to prevent baby taking in too much gas.
Title: THE GOSPEL STORY BIBLE: Discovering Jesus in the Old and New Testaments
Mom was certain to serve us Zaatar on mornings when we had exams at school. She said it helped with memory. Although she wouldn’t have known science was behind her belief, she was right!
2 cups crushed vanilla wafers
3. I Am Number Four – God damn you, Twilight. By making a shitload of money with your general awfulness, you’ve inspired imitations! I Am Number Four is about an alien, who like the vampires of Twilight, decides the place he really wants to be is high school. Genocidal aliens are out to kill him and every last member of his species (in numerical order for reasons that ARE NEVER EXPLAINED) so you’d think he’d have bigger problems. This is one of the high school stereotype movies where just because a pretty blonde girl is creative and artistic the boys at her school somehow stop noticing that she is still, in fact, a pretty blonde girl. Then there’s the generic guy in the lead, whose name I could look up right now but if he failed to leave that much of an impression why even bother? The worst thing this movie does is drag down great character actors like Kevin Durand and Timothy Olyphant with it. D.J. Caruso’s first film was an awesome little neo-noir called The Salton Sea (which you should all totally check out). This movie makes me sad to see how far he’s fallen.
And ate the flesh of everything they found
Dare I suggest this is the local "Wooderson"? He doesn't look quite as cool as Matthew McConaughey, but I'm still gettin' that vibe.
The Ming dynasty was when the power was most concentrated to the emperor in Chinese history. The first Ming emperor set an example to put strict limitations to military powers (which could be explained by his low social status before he became the emperor). He also abolished the post of Zai Xiang (head of bureaucracy), resulting in chaos in the Chinese bureaucracy and increased burden on the emperor.
Tortilla Chips:
So let me back up for a second. I'm sure you're wondering how I was able to get Mt. Tom's ice cream on the Weather Channel in the first place. I wish it was a more gripping story, still, given the odds of landing such a market coup, I may never know the extent of synchronicity involved in my getting the call.
(For the non-Jews in the room, substitute Easter for Passover. Same idea).
Anyway, so one reason I went to Ecobuild was out of interest. The other was because I thought it might be an opportunity to discover some interesting people to work with.
Legitimate:
The week before Christmas, I was assaulted by various "emergencies" from my next door neighbor Pat. I don't know why she seems to think I'm available for her 24/7, or that I don't sleep, or shower, or take a shit, or am in any capacity ever too busy to humor her, but it is what it is, I guess. Somewhere in the mix, either during her midnight need for me to palpate her fatty leg deposit, or her urgency for me to come over right this minute to see her Christmas tree that I already saw last year, I did indeed inform her that we would be leaving on the 26th. She responded by telling me that she had two weeks off herself and would probably go visit a friend in another state, after her holiday with her family.
18. “In the show, Yunhanam, the person who is the best at making a girl happy is Taemin.” (KEY) But he is still at a stage when he is more enthusiastic of dogs than girls.
In order to mount the 4' long piece of wood, I had my maintenance man cut the bracket that the IKEA shelf was mounted onto in half and then my awesome boyfriend drilled two holes into the wood and VOILA! it was mounted.
How Time Flies - Rover Records Source #4
Just added some Holly buttons to finish.
Self:When do the cows go outside?
Six days later, 14-year-old Abigaille Giamporcaro of Canton was dead.
“Early day. What you yelling at Ma for?”
Mike Farris @ 3rd & Lindsley – come get your SOUL on!
They continued day-night torture to get me to confess to a non-existent part in the escape. This went on for at least 3 days. On my knees…fan belting…cut open my scrotum with fan belt stroke. Opened up both knee holes again. My fanny looked like hamburger…I could not lie on my back.
So last night, we started our new routine!
Wild Blette
What right do we as Rakyat have if we can not even have a decent meal in a restaurant, way way past the “incident time” . This happened around 7pm on 28th of April..yes.. 7pm !
― Malcolm X
I am worried by the number of lawyers who tell me that volumes of work and levels of profitability will normalize once the recession is over. The question is whether a rising economic tide will lift all boats. The problem is threefold. First, many law firms have cut their fees in order to keep work levels up and it will not be easy for them to raise those rates again if and when the tide turns. I hear of commercial property clients who have managed to negotiate fixed fee decreases of at least 40% over the last two years; those clients will refuse to see those rates go back to 2007 levels. The second issue here is that in many areas of commercial and property law, there is now a large oversupply of lawyers. This is already giving rise to intense competition for available work. It is likely to be some time before the supply-demand pendulum swings back. The third problem is that the demand for legal services often lags some way behind any upswing. I fear therefore that better economic times – whenever they come – will take a long time to benefit law firms in general and will come too late to rescue many ailing firms or practice groups
2012 Rules
No changes may be made that constitute a burden to the well-being of the horse, either physically or mentally. If you accept riding in hyperflexion as a permissible training method, you legitimize aggressive riding. We protest that in the strongest possible terms!
The current battle within the Republican Party for the nomination to be President of the the United States is nothing short of a circus. Since, the voters do not demand discussion of the issues from the party and the candidates the voters are left with character assassinations, misrepresentations, and false beliefs. The voters of America have over many decades have put too much emphasis on the position of president. Thus, the voter has forgotten that the laws come from the House and Senate.
Yet we came together
Based on the Woody Beer Wagon itinerary, I settled on a Saturday afternoon visit during a stop at the Whole Foods Market in Scottsdale. My son-in-law and I arrived early so I plated a serving of curried rice and chicken and enjoyed that with a bottle of Deschutes Inversion IPA. Ahhh. We enjoyed or lunch and stayed out of the way while Mr. Frank set up his traveling beer show. I think the Marine had some wings and an Obsidian Stout – he’s a Deschutes fanatic, too.
Next Saturday, I will get up bright and early and have breakfast with my oldest daughter. We will plan out what we will be looking for and where we’ll go. Will I find Conan the Barbarian comics for a friend’s birthday? I will be looking for Buffy the Vampire Slayer and Angel comics. I’m also looking for the next volume in Stephen King’s graphic novel series The Stand.
Or lying on my belly as my bottom reddened beneath his belt.
Want you to be a part
On the playlist are tracks (and occasional appearances) from JP in his Perfumed Garden era, fave album tracks, radio session rarities, a demo version of one his all time top tunes and occasional quotes from Peel himself...
Incidentally, AirAsia had scheduled a press conference yesterday to address the hike in airport taxes by MAHB, but had cancelled it at the last minute, “due to an unforeseen circumstance”.
The good thing about the old churches in the country is that most of them are already improvements from the previous designs. Meaning, they’ve been structured to survive quakes (those frailes were damn good builders) but still, age is a factor. The church must begin to look into creating a central committee that would review the structural integrity of all the old churches in the island.
GIVE ME A BREAK
It's shyt like this is why we don't have jack shyt in this state. No forward thinking. The legislature (and by extension the people) have no desire of being considered World Class in anything other than high school football. All the oil and money and opportunity and former Presidents at our beck and call, and Houston is about number 4,234,421 on the top 5 million places in the world people want to visit. Dallas clocks in at 4,126,101, wedged between Quetta and Ciudade de Deus. And we wonder why we have to damn near have to give sexual favors to get a Superbowl around here. The Essence Festival left a sprawling relatively safe Houston to move BACK TO NEW ORLEANS AFTER THEY WERE DECLARED A MURDER CAPITOL! That should tell you something right there. The Olympic committee can't stop laughing every time Houston puts in a bid (it'll be an all Indoor Olympics). If it wasn't for Joey Greco, cocaine, and football team that hasn't won shyt since I was a virgin, Dallas would be right there with us.
Levack did what all sane authors do with a comfortable and successful 9 to 5 job when they get a book publishing contract from a major publisher—he quit so he could concentrate full-time on his second novel.
Bearing? Centered.
The bloke turns around and looks at me, he smiles as well. Some old looking geezer? Maybe in his forty's and all dressed in black. I watch as his hand moves towards the raised bar-seat beside him. The bloke in black pats a rather lean looking dog on its smiling head - now I'm no expert in canine companions, but that dog looks like a whippet to me?
The force of faith is released by words. Faith-filled words put the law of the Spirit of life into operation Joel Osteen said; “There is power in the word of God. But you’ve got to speak it out….one of the primary ways we release our faith is through our words. There is a divine connection between you declaring God’s favor and seeing God’s favor manifested in your life. Some of you are doing your best to please the Lord. You are living a holy consecrated life, but you’re not really experiencing God’s supernatural favor. And it’s simply because you’re not declaring it. You’ve got to give life to your faith by speaking it out.”
Wholesome White
“Everything LESS EXOTIC I know too much about so there’s no point of researching it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!”
This indirect method of achievement also applies to happiness–which is not just about smiling and laughter and joy–but is something deeper, richer, and cumulative rather than transitory.
There are so many media outlets in this country now that we need a reason to fill space. Accepting the status quo doesn’t fill broadcast time or print space. There would be four months without any NFL Draft news if there weren’t constant differing opinions. There are, of course, always differing draft boards among every NFL analyst in the business, but the majority of talk is going to be about the top pick. If a different pick is favored than previously thought was on top, then that would result in more discussion. But I think there’s a bigger issue at work here.
As the milk thickens add in the sugar...
Since I plan on the next few articles to be about plane scrolling and sprite animation, I’d like to experiment with a few of the prerequisites first – basic pad input, timing, and the main game loop. I already have a sprite on screen, plus some subroutines for setting its X and Y coords, so I’ll aim to move it around the screen using the D-pad at various speeds. Hopefully this won’t take long.
to the point of fantasizing about being a master chef some day
It is astonishing, or should be, that the right of people to be mildly satirical about sacred figures should even be in question in this day and age. No doubt UCLU thought it was being sensitive, inclusive and progressively liberal in demanding the atheist society remove the cartoon. But it was not. It was the action of illiberal bullies.
Madness to play in Mexico City in 2012!:
It happens often. Sometimes plot necessitates a loss of story. Characters make a decision that feels disingenuous or unnatural for them. I don’t mean an act that forces them to go against their nature, which can be an important moment in their development, I mean a choice freely made. When it happens you recognize that the writer is manipulating things to bring about a certain outcome. The best analogy I can think of is watching a play. Rather than having the curtain go down for the stage to be rearranged, you catch the stage workers in the act. They intrude into the scene and start moving furniture while the curtain is still up. Your focus shifts entirely to them. Plot is an essential mechanic. Even the most literary book needs motion, for something to happen, but at the same time, obvious rearrangement and changes for the sake of the plot can throw the reader out of the story. It takes a careful hand to shoehorn in a game changing plot event in so short a medium as comics.
I have finally been cured from this terrible affliction - the one where "You'd rather starve than take 'filthy lucre' for pure service ... as if somehow the service loses its purity if you take money for it." I'll charge like a bull from now on and grow fat on the spoils.
Each issue will feature columns that share best practice concepts, new trends, vendor profiles, agency profiles and strategies on running a better business – from lowering taxes, dealing with problem clients, and employment issues. The magazine is published by Eisen Marketing Group president Rodger Roeser, who will also be a contributing editor. The magazine is designed by EMG staff under the direction of EMG vice president Angela Deniston.
I ordered several things today. Crib, mattress, changing table, glider, bedding, pack & play, and car seat. Can't wait to have a baby to put in them...
The chapel is first mentioned in 1272 in an Assize Roll which records how five clerics helped a criminal escape from Newcastle Gaol - first to Jesmond Chapel and then to sanctuary at Tynemouth. Although the chapel was at one time in the possession of the Priors of Tynemouth, division of the manor between three sisters in 1333 led to confusion as to rights over the chapel and, at one time, three separate Chantries were maintained by their descendents; this confusion resulted in much scandal and damage, including stolen jewellery and chalices and in 1364, Edward III took claim. In 1549 the Mayor and Burgesses of Newcastle paid £144.13.4d to Edward VI to purchase the chapel and adjoining Hospice and in turn sold them to Sir Robert Brandling.
Soltan is being hailed as a “martyr” and “the face of the Iranian protests” by major western media outlets in emotional news reports such as the following CNN piece.
2. In a small bowl mix soy sauce, sesame seed oil, Kim Chee Juice and sugar. Mix the sauce over the cold noodles and the mushrooms.
Good over Evil,
He almost leaped, as if catching himself. A black backpack tossed over his shoulder with one hand, and the empty tray in the other, he walked towards the cleanup line. I stood to walk with him, offering to take his tray, but he shook me away. His eyes flashed at me, young, intelligent, dark, proud, deep, spirited eyes. I felt small as a child, walking next to his wiry athletic frame. I surrendered my hands high and stepped aside.
Blessings to you all and thank you for keeping us in your prayers always!!!
Diddy Kong RacingDiddy Kong Racing
Market Trends Pvt Ltd
Gerald glanced into the box. The mermaid was stretching, yawning. Her arms were raised above her head and he glimpsed the pert globes of soft breasts. He nearly swooned
Cool in the tin for 5 minutes then turn out onto a cooling rack.
Well, we've had a LOT of changes here recently. Like I almost gave up on all the schooling and was a smidge away from placing the kids into one of those online public school programs. I didn't though...but I have looked into the options of more "prepared" materials/activities and more things that involve organized events.
-Work on improving my posture!
I was a lucky duck this year and got to spend Easter week in Paris! I figured I needed to take full advantage of my time there and thus, shopped until I dropped. Below is a list of excellent spots I was quite successful in, as well as my extraordinary finds! I did well!
I can't believe I didn't mention this before, but I'm going to see Gene Wilder tomorrow night in person at the Castro Theatre. I've had these tickets for months, waiting waiting waiting. He's going to give an hour-long talk before the showing of Young Frankenstein. I mean, give me a break. Gene Wilder, the comedy genius of my childhood and beyond.
Till later, keep safe and be happy.
But as we all know, no plan is perfect, especially when it involves a mother with children younger than 20 taking a few hours for herself. Moms all over the world, you hear me, right? You know what I am talking about, don't you? Just thinking words as harmless as 'haircut' or 'manicure' or even just 'book' is asking for trouble. And so no sushi and Nutella for Mommy, no vegetables and fruit in the fridge, no time to finally make something a little more intriguing for you my friends...
NL for Louis-Napoleon, not the short guy from Corsica, but his nephew who became Napoleon III, leader of the Second Empire.
The aromas follow through in taste with some added spiciness and the flavour of fried fruit to match the characteristics of the traditional Clootie Dumpling. I lost the taste of banana that was so present in the smell, which is a little disappointing but there is enough going on with this beer to keep me interested. Something that I definitely didn’t expect from this beer (judging by the packaging and description) was that it would be a really easy drinking beer. It’s has a low abv. (4.2%) and is light enough in flavour to be a session ale but it is definitely more interesting that your standard IPA or light ale. The spiciness is kept in the aftertaste and in that way reminds me again of a ginger beer.
However, the prosecution has five days to seek an appeal and, if the challenge is accepted, Mr Lubanga will remain in detention until that appeal is heard, the ICC said in a statement.
John Paciorek didn’t know is that it would be the only two and half hours of his
The UN issued the citation, and NATO came in with the tow truck. Make no mistake, in the real world, NATO is the USA and the USA is NATO. It’s a politically correct way of using military force without being seen to be acting alone as an imperial aggressor. But what about the NTC’s death squads, the theft, the rape, the torture and destruction of citizens’ property, business, and whole lives?
Now for the good stuff, BLOG CANDY. I'm offering up a SURPRISE grab bag that's sure to help in your scrapbooking endeavors!! To be eligible, please leave a comment on all 50 states to everyone know you've been there and if you like what you see on my blog, please become a follower! The winner will be picked randomly on Sunday, Sept 18th and announced on my blog.
First, a disclaimer. I do very much like this movie. The acting is phenomenal, the dialogue is excellent and including the 1812 Overture is a surefire way to make my day.
In preparation for the big move I am targeting one area a day. Today it’s the pantry.
Everybody needs a Tirzah in their lives.
For my card today I used the Brr and the Nerdy Snow Peeps and last months set Bring on the Holiday Cheer.
C. Keeping a journal
Ham Fried Rice
The bike lanes on Dundurn North will connect to the well-established bike lanes on York Boulevard by Dundurn Castle, a connection through Victoria Park towards downtown Hamilton, and the popular cycling connection over Hwy. 403 to Westdale and McMaster University.
“Tell me thy company and I will tell thee what thou art.” Miguel De Cervantes
It's not every day - it's at least once a week - I just DON'T feel like doing anything but lounging. I'm incapable of doing nothing but sitting around reading, sewing, knitting, writing, Internet cruising, blog reading and making lists (my personal favourite) sounds lovely.
Not that any of the extra actors helped matters. Russ Tamblyn features as biker gang leader Rico, who manages to look even worse here than he did in War of The Gargantuas. But at least he had giant rubber monsters to cover his butt there. Not here, where every moment of his stoned countenance is laid out bare, without a hint of Japanese tampering...and at least no black eyes in evidence this time out.
SS501′s Park Jung Min applies to nullify contract with CNR Media
Sanctify and purify me so that I might become as vessel of honor. Amen.
The answer lies in landscape, in what landscape means and how it functions, the critique of both landscape as a picture to be composed and as a space to be navigated. In both exhibitions, in different cultural contexts and for different reasons, the idea of the picturesque is played down and abandoned in favor of something else. For O’Sullivan, the end of the picturesque comes by simply presenting the facts. For Sone, the picturesque is opened up into a livable environment and then critiqued by the very materials that are used in its construction.
and whites, is similarly nonjudgmental. These places weren’t constructed
I wish women could understand that being respected and equality is not gained by acting like men, but following your own ideals, thinking of what is best for your future and that the main aim in life is not getting married and having children.
I live in California and it is illegal in this state to sell home-baked goods (even non-perishable ones!) to the public. I currently make cookies for friends and family until I can figure out a commercial kitchen that won't cost me more to bake out of than I make on the cookies. I'm not gonna lie, decorated sugar cookies take a long time (from baking, to waiting for the flood icing to set, to decorating) and I haven't figured out how to make a profit while renting a kitchen by the hour.
So last year I finally gave in and bought a jar just to see what all the fuss was about. So that I wouldn't be left out at gatherings when the talk turned to Nutella and all it's amazing qualities. Seriously, I've seen people's eyes glaze over when they start talking about this stuff, saying things like, "If Nutella were a man I'd never say no to sex." And I'm all, "C'mon, people, it's just a hazelnut spread with a hint of cocoa." It's not like it's Baconnaise, or anything.
Now I’m crying. Now. On the bloody train. Not a single tear this far, and then they decide to all come at once while I have nowhere to put my right elbow.
Can you the crazy shine/light deflection going on in the sunlight photo? These photos don;t really show it, but the medium gold hex are holographic, so it's even blingier in person.
What’s Good About It: It talks about normail life and is easy to read.
Here, the last M train pulls out of 36th Street, on the slow chug to Bay Parkway and into history.
However, much to the delight of Israel’s growing Zionist movement, the hidden political hegemony of America was predictably on hand to halt any progress. Obama delicately informed UN delegates on Thursday that the same country which so often prides itself on how it values ideas of democracy and freedom would veto Palestine’s bid if it managed to reach the Security Council. In his most pro-Israeli speech yet, Obama told the world that the only road to peace was through diplomatic talks between the two countries; mirroring Bush’s somewhat nonchalant approach some years earlier.
By request of a special Bumpie, you know who you are, this is just for you
I know this because when I smiled and said "Lovely day" to him, the way you do when you get 3.6 hours of sunshine a year, he nodded and agreed.
Daniel Goldstein, spokesman for Develop Don’t Destroy Brooklyn, was listening nearby, and soon denounced Stuckey's "not liking tall buildings" statement as “gobbledygook,” adding that community concerns extended to “extreme density,” “massive taxpayer subsidies,” eminent domain, and several other issues.
While I was pleasantly napping on my couch, Ms. Knoxious was secretly drinking FREE Dogfish Head beer and watching Chuck Prophet AT THE SAME TIME! I had every plan for that to be my afternoon! See, The Ms. Knoxious and I had a bit of a row when I found out that when she said "I don't really feel like watching music this afternoon" that she really meant, "I'm going to see free music this afternoon after you've made plans". Yes, my congested head briefly exploded and I said something like, in summary, "Argghh...ahhhh...dammit...no you're going...I'm going to take a nap (and somehow watch the kids)". This, seriously, is the best thing that could have happened....I'm not kidding. My head was aching, my nose stuffed, my spirit broken.
The moments on Friday evening, sitting next to that river were just what I needed. I sat, taking in the peaceful energy, centering myself and remembering the times I had sat next to this river before and after great climbs with great friends before standing up and heading back to the community center for the pre-race meeting. As I made my way into the building I saw my friend Phil and his wife. Ironically, the last time I had been out there was with Phil before heading up to climb Antero more than a year before, so it felt like things in the universe were clicking, good omens were everywhere! We sat through the pre-race meeting, chatting here and there and then took a quick walk while Phil gave me the low down on parts of the course I needed to be aware of then parted ways.
As preparations were being made the week before, I began to wonder what my assigned roll for the day would be. Up until this point the only thing that was certain was that I would need to wear athletic clothes.
My go to Split Pea Soup is definitely spiced with chipotle and herbs, but now and then I like to play around with other spices. I created this lovely stew spiked with caraway seeds and dill and filled with cabbage and potatoes. It is delicious and I had it for both lunch and dinner along with some apple and cinnamon.
Step Two: The remainder of the front cover is completed like Courthouse Steps.
What’s the most challenging aspect of cooking with beer?
The backdrop to all of this activity is quite striking. An enormous television screen broadcasts the morning news just loud enough to be heard without being obnoxious. Bright flower gardens surround elegant stone sculptures, while the Sun Bird Monument towers high above everything.
Joe Jackson Real men US
We make exceptions for genius with the benefit of hindsight. With the weight of a century or so of bolstering critical opinion, we all now recognise that William Blake was a genius, and so we suspend our disbelief about his visions. Who knows what a genius may or may not see? Perhaps we consider that, as an artist as well as a poet, Blake’s visual imagination produced images so vivid, so concrete, that in some way they did indeed ‘appear’ before him. Perhaps, as Peter Ackroyd suggests early in his book, the faculty of eidetic imagery, fairly common in children who see hallucinatory images as genuine sensory perceptions, was retained by Blake throughout his life.
Schmitt, Roland W. “Bolstering Support for Academic R&D.” Issues In Science & Technology 19.4 (2003): 24. Science Reference Center. Web. 31 Mar. 2012.
Oh my! this is SO DELICIOUS! I am overall not a number one fan of chocolates, but this is incredibly good! If you love chocolates, please do make this! It's not difficult to do, I would say it is quite simple and easy, and the end result is just fantastic! The original recipe uses hazelnut, but since I have only walnuts, I use that instead. Rachel says to serve it at room temperature, but we prefer it chilled, take it out from the fridge and leave it for about 5-7 minutes before serving. Heavenly!
They have accepted private contracts to murder prisoners even when presented with serious doubts about their guilt.
In that sense, American academe is like its counterpart in Europe.
Iván Meade - As a new business owner - Do you consider being young in the business an advantage or a disadvantage?
How is it done? The screws are screwed into the bottom of the shoe and it is the head of the screw that is visible, and it is the head of the screw that provides the traction. Hex-head sheet metal screws are used, because they have many "cutting surfaces" that grip the ice. After some initial misadventures with using screws that were a "tad" too long, I found out what many others had realized. By using #6 or #8 screws that are 3/8 to 1/2 inch long, you strike a balance of having screws that would not only stay in place, but they are not be felt by your feet. Usually, ten to sixteen (or so) screws per shoe, does the trick. Matt Carpenter has a great "how to" description of the procedure on his site. There is also a direct link to his site at trailnerds.com.
I doubt though that Chiplin was a Trotskyist. If he was a member of the Communist Party of Australia in the mid-1950s he would have had to display absolute loyalty to the party line which was very much oriented to Stalin and the USSR a that time. This is an image from The Hobart Mercury, it shows Chiplin being escorted from a court during proceedings of the Royal Commission into Espionage.
We lived and died through the John Elway years of watching the Broncos struggle to finally become Superbowl champions. Unfortunately, during those early years, our church service started at 2:00 on Sunday afternoon and we were forced to record the games on the VCR and then make sure that we didn’t talk to anyone or mistakenly turn on a radio lest our joy of watching the game might be spoiled.
POST EMPLOYMENT
2 generous tablespoons tahini (sesame seed paste)
It was quite intimidating waiting for the race to start. I saw a wide variety of different runners and got nervous! There were marathon maniacs, first-timers (like myself), people dressed up in costumes, just about everything!
Sent: Wednesday, March 12, 2008 2:34 PM
And with that, I will wish you all a very Happy New Year, filled with joy and health and, of course, lots of learning! I'd like to publish a post in the next couple of days with my favorite unschooling/radical education posts of the last year from all over the internet, and hopefully I'll find time to do so!
Wiser men will ponder the presence of mind of the photographer to take the shot in the face of such beauty and be grateful that they shared it.
02. Echoes Of Eternity - Voices In A Dream
What cowards we are. Political correctness killed those patriotic Americans at Fort Hood as surely as the Islamist gunman did. And the media treat it like a case of nondenominational shoplifting.
in this,
And now to the punchline of my eeky moment:
These questions just lead to frustration. I feel like people think I am NOT dealing with it. That I should be doing MORE to deal with it. I get statements/questions like?
A laugh
They live closed to the border of Myanmar and Laos; Karen, Hmong, Lisu, Aka, Padaung, Lahu tribes are most well known among them.
I was going to compare the movie (filmed a year ago) to the Emperor’s New Clothes but, really, I think I will settle on describing it as a movie which should have been released at Christmas. That is the traditional time to sell turkeys.
This year, Holly had an idea to wrap lights around a banister sort of fence on the other side of the room, fastened at a center point on an eye hook. Keith set that up for us.
Meet VH, who recently turned six.
The effect was similar to Kruggerands keeping their weight, but greenbacks dropping in value relative to gold. Not what I suspect Paul thinks he means by the gold standard.
Combat Rock is a good listen, and if you’ve never heard it, you should take the time and check it out. Look for Rat Patrol as well, you can find it at any of your better download sites. Even when not in a pure rock n’ roll mode, The Clash were still better than most bands.
I hope you’ll play along with this week’s challenge for your chance to win some Cat Cash. Just upload your project to the photo album on Alma’s blog to enter—and be sure to keep an eye out for the links to the rest of the Cat Pack’s projects that she’ll be posting throughout the week.
♥Lumps
If you are ever in the St. Louis, MO area I HIGHLY recommend you visit the museum!
Dock Boggs - Country Blues: Complete Early Recordings - 1997
This is the best time for me to go since I'll be out of the country in a week and after that it's packing for college, so I'm headed north!
I had two songs that I definitely wanted to use - "Ants Marching" and "Everyday." "Ants Marching" was the first song I ever heard by Dave. I was at the H.O.R.D.E. tour and I heard this weird riff coming from the small stage. I went to check it out. This band featured black and white guys, guitar, violin and sax. I thought, "man, this is great, but they'll never get big, they're too different." Oops! I think of that every time I heard the riff. "Everyday" is a rare instance of a video really enhancing the song. If you've never seen it, check it out. I "crowdsourced" the third song on my personal Facebook page, and if you want to hear what song it is, well, you gotta tune in. If you have a subscription, great! I'm on The Catholic Channel at 7:20 pm-ish. If not, go here to get a free online trial subscription.
I´m sorry about the melting permafrost. I really didn´t intend for it to happen so fast.
I have no idea what the weather is doing. Flip flops and sandals one day and boots with tights the next. Welcome to spring in NYC! This indecision is pretty good for a shoe challenge however and it has allowed me to get a variety of shoes done so far.
“Well, yes, and no. I always have a firm grasp on reality, and the reality I want to create. Writing about art, art that can be mainly a facade. You have to appear one way or another to be taken seriously. It is also fun to play games with this notion. It is also sad because it is much more fulfilling to be an audience for the illusion, than to know the inner workings. It is like this with anything. TV, movies, music. Even religion. Science. The world seems so mystical, but once you start learning it’s inner workings it becomes less fantastic. So playing with identity, playing art critic, pretending to be a huge art publication, is a way to be on both sides of the art world illusion.”
And now Quadrille for Jack Rogers.
I’m the old gunnysack
I was very struck with it when I read it. I thought I would love to do this. I don’t ever know what makes me want to direct a play or not direct a play. You just respond to it or not – and then once you start to work on it, you spend a long time trying to find why you wanted to direct it. It’s a gut response. And also the casting of ensemble members like Laurie Metcalf and Kevin Anderson and people like that.
More often, though, I wrote in one of the bars and restaurants that lined the town’s only real thoroughfare – the road to Burma. During the day, I usually had these places to myself. Tourism had not yet returned, and the only foreigners around were those working for a local NGO working with tsunami victims.
purge
If theres a product you'd like me to review, just leave a comment! x
Even though yogurt has so many good, nutritious things about it, I’m not much of a yogurt person for some reason. Maybe I just never had very good yogurt when I was a kid!
“An iPod … an iPod … hmmm … an iPod Stereo Dock and Bath Tissue Holder.”
I make 'em go anyway, 'cause I know I can't afford to lose this battle. But even my will is gettin' weary.
On to more finishes:
"You have sinned and must be punished."
I don’t know if JA Konrath is a good poker player. He has certainly made some pretty shrewd calls on the next card in the publishing pack in recent years. He proved himself in commercial publishing and drew that success across to his own self-publishing platforms. On how publishing is headed – I’m inclined to sit next to Konrath and see how much longer he turns good cards, but my worry has always been that Konrath is happy to share the poker table with players, who in the self-publishing arena, don’t know whether they are playing Texas Hold Em or Snap! Self-publishing is nothing to do with luck or the next turn of the card. Konrath is a smooth player, practiced, and smooth players make hard work look easy, and that’s always my fear about the way other writers see Konrath. Konrath is seasoned, prolific, and understands the business of publishing. These are qualities which set him apart from the common self-published author and not what he is presented as to the publishing world – a maverick or renaissance author. Konrath does all that a modern publisher does, but sometimes does it better.
Make the most kills of both teams in an online match.
Don’t forget the Teh-C Special to wash down the grub!
Saudi authorities, for the first time in history, gave permission for a so-called children's beauty pageant for girls in Mecca, the Alquds website reports.
Bind us together with love.
Side Two
Once again we have our faboulous monthly sponsor - Joanna Sheen...
4) psychopaths, being control-driven, want to exact vengeance and intimidate those who no longer worship them, want them, or obey them blindly.
They look at you,
PULUT SAMBAL IN BANANA WRAPPING
The competition for minimizing the reality of President Obama’s words and actions in the media is fierce. After all, Solyndra, according to the Associated Press, is an “embarrassment.” Heaven forbid that anyone in the establishment press call it what it really is: a “scandal” and, as described by Andy McCarthy at National Review, a “fraud.”
As rumors have continued to surface about Apple using liquid metal material for there next generation iPhone, French designer Antoine Brieux has gone all out by creating a gorgeous concept of what he believes the sixth-generation liquid metal iPhone will look like .
- It’s better to be the Terrible Patient than the sad one. If you’re the Terrible Patient it means you’re probably closer to getting well because you have the capacity to crack jokes.
Well I had an amazing weekend and it's going to take some time for me to scan everything in so I can show you what I managed to snag at the auction.
Other than that a few people other complimented me on this piece as well so definitely happy about the outcome.
This is a rare, specifically non-fiction post. Except it isn't really, as the boundary between fiction and non-fiction is very - shall we say - blurred; imprecise.
Exped stuff sac (attached to the top of the rear rack)
Set in San Francisco Trauma tells the story of a bunch of troubled paramedics as they rush about the city rescuing people and leaping away from explosions. In the opening scenes we meet Nancy who’s having an affair with her ambulance partner. She’s super happy. They’re both super happy. Ten guesses as to whether this relationship survives the opening credits.
Did achieving your first book deal change the way you approach your writing?
First up, a page about our lovely Dasha. She loved the snow so much.
Thanks again, Ms. Hawk, for all of this great information. Your passion for your clients’ work is wonderfully apparent. That is what we’re all looking for, after all--an agent who is as passionate about our writing as we are.
That’s literally it! That’s all. I really suggest checking out the Lazy Rogue guide at the top, but keep these points in mind while levelling and you’ll at least end up slightly better than half the damage of that other rogue spamming /flirt at the healer.
we are currently motoring across Kansas, what a very flat and windy place! Yesterday we drove for twelve hour with eight children, four dogs, two cats, two roosters two grown ups, one motor home and one van. Last night we had the privilege of staying with Dane's Aunt Jeannie and Uncle Kent, in Alexander, Kansas. What A warm welcome we received they have a beautiful old farmhouse, the dogs and children were able to run in there spacious yard! We were treted to a home cooked hot meal and ice cream and cake for dessert. Everyone was very happy!
Author: Nakano Junko
2. Cover a piece of card slightly larger than the frame size with extra wide double sided tape. Leave the backing on. Place the 2 dies cutting edge down onto the double sided tape and secure with a couple more small pieces of tape. Die cut the frame.
The weird thing is everybody knows it and does nothing about it. Instead, they trust the media of all things to alert them and “get to the bottom” of what’s going on. That’s like asking the butler to tell us what his master is up to in his massive castle on the hill. “You rang? I’ll let the guvna know you called…”
The High performing live, material from their debut album ''Somewhere Soon'' released in 1990 on London Records. If anyone have any info about place and date of this gig, please leave comment.
“How does he expect him to pick us up? We can’t survive!” said Private Tran, the navigator. (Luu liked to call her a navigatrix.)
38. Toccata And Fugues In D-Minor - Hallmark
During our New Year walk to the (frozen) canal Junior spotted a discarded crisp packet lying in the snow. This was the conversation that followed - a somewhat typical exchange of words with a curious 6 year old boy:
1,000 stills can be found in this illustrated book making it the ultimate cinephile's delight (that would be me). The book traces the evolution of cinema from the Golden Age to film noir to 3-D and films of every genre. Can't wait to order here on Amazon.
Finally after two long hours, a juice box, a full sippy cup, and some cereal - it happened.
Don’t forget to leave a link to your actual response (so people don’t have to go searching for it) in the comments—or if you prefer, leave your answers in the comments themselves!
I made these cupcakes for a luncheon honoring a group of hard-working volunteers. The hostess of the event had her home decorated in an Autumn theme, so I figured cupcakes inspired by fall flavors were the way to go. And what says fall like apples?
To make kimchee filling, in a blender puree pear, onion, garlic, ginger, rice and 1/2 cup seafood stock until smooth. Add the fresh chilies and pulse 2-3 times. You should have some small pieces of chilies visible.
Theist: Tell more about the time-god’s victims ; those smelly, grunting, disgusting, hairy, sexual perverted, cannibalistic beasts that the human race once was? I don’t believe a word of it but go ahead tell me anyway. It is very interesting.
I am hearing...Just the laptop keys as I type.
These sandwich years are very challenging, caught between the needs of young families for support and love, and the unforeseen but instantly-appearing Mom-emergencies. It's hard to find time to write, and when I do, I feel my umber mood is visible in my words.
So was the upgrade worth it… well, the changes aren’t world shattering, but it does include a few new potentially handy features. And of course it is always good to keep your software updated. But probably next time I will wait till I have some time to do a completely clean install, to avoid problems I have been experiencing this time.
Olive oil in the bath, or applied directly to the skin, is a great moisturizer and apparently also a natural healer (see previous MamaTip on the benefits of the oily olive).
The course includes:
But, you forgot the tortured prostitute and the catacomb of horrors. You mention that in the first paragraph, then never again.
I did not hit my goal of 2,000 calories a day but I got close and realized that my trouble lies in what I throw in my mouth with out thinking. And portion control.
She looked into the mirror and closely studied her face. The mirror just looked back at her, staring straight into her eyes. “Who you looking at you old woman!” The lady in the mirror just smiled back. With much caution in her steps she slowly walked out of the bathroom and headed towards her favorite chair by the window, her old bent finger flipped up the switch of her radio. She loved “Prairie Home Companion” on a Saturday night. Then she reached into her bathrobe pocket and pulled out her mother’s old magnifying glass. She placed it against the face of her watch and slowly drew it towards her blue eyes. It was six o’clock and time for another beautiful sunset over Brooklyn.
N: I’m working on it….
Congratulations Kate of downrightcrafty! Please contact Trish (details in the sidebar) to arrange for delivery of your fabulous prize.
The story is basically all about Abby Jenson (Debby Ryan), who gets everything she wishes for on her 16th Birthday, and when everything she thought she ever wanted... Money, Car, being Grown Up, too... all starts to come true - she decides that she would much rather have her life and family back and just be 16 !
I'm so tired. And bone-weary. My brain fog hasn't lifted yet. And I promised myself I wouldn't whine.
So I spent the winter and spring swimming harder than I have ever swam in my life, literally. Just check behind my ears and you'll see gills. All of which I could not do without my friend Angie, she herself is an inspiring woman and amazing athlete. My plan - to beat this mental game raging in my head.
Down here on the ground - 6.7M
Well, I am getting tired now, and I want to reserve my energy for the week. I'll have to blog later. But quickly before I go... for recording purposes, I'd like to mention that we worked on geometry this week. Jesse, Travis, Savannah, and I sat around the kitchen table with Jesse's 6th grade textbook, playing with angles and 3D shapes, measuring, drawing, and discussing the angles of rollercoasters and rooflines, and how many faces an object had. Travis drew a triangle, and Jesse a cylinder. They needed no help, they drew them quite naturally. Drawing 3D has always been difficult for me... maybe I'll learn now! :)
Sentence Begin: 06/21/2006
In The Disney Way: Harnessing the Management Secrets of Disney in Your Company, Revised Edition, William Capodagli and Lynn Jackson explain that their book “tells the inside story of just how Disney’s success was achieved — not by epiphanic flashes of creative insight that produced a Pinocchio or a Dumbo, but by the force of a much-considered, carefully wrought process of managing innovation and creativity and by an adherence to a firmly established system of beliefs.” The foundation of that system, the Disney Way, consists of four “pillars”: Dream, Believe, Dare, Do.
Nov. 29: Riverside Theater, Milwaukee, WI
· November 27, 2011 7:00 AM
This film cost $28 million or so to make, earned just over $14 million, and all but assured that Bakshi would not return to the raging underground hit status he had attained so long ago when all anyone expected from him were horny cats and social commentary. As a matter of fact, the story goes that the film's animators weren't even given as much as a screenplay Instead, Bakshi informed them to animate funny scenes containing whatever and they'd work it in. Terrific.
….because I’m pretty sure it isn’t me. I know this because Hardscape often says he is and it is often followed by don’t blog that, okay? Clearly sometimes I have listening problems and some thing are just necessary to blog about.
Every day. All summer long. Until I was fifteen.
leap years, live
Week of April 23, 2012
Maybe they are just too weird. Maybe girls, for the most part, do not get them. But with hits like “Tom Sawyer” and “Limelight” and gargantuan efforts like 2112, Rush have certainly had a bigger influence than Def Leppard or even the Police.
“I like the hair,” he said. The hair is good, much better, more like me, don’t you think? But,” he went on before I had a chance to lie in response, “I was thinking about what you said, you know, about jeans and a T-shirt. That’s what I usually wear around the house. So that would be the real me, wouldn’t it?” I nodded in agreement. “Okay, so keep the boat shoes with no socks, but put jeans on me, and a blue T-shirt. Make sure it’s not pink. And you can put my super name on the shirt across the chest.”
Its perhaps time - as Gallix implies, in his comments if not in the initial article - for us to look at the possibilities of eLit with new eyes: an underexplored arm of contemporary literature - and it has to be literature, not anima, or podcasts, or media art - that is still waiting for a writer or two to make it their own.
The Flinstones have become a timeless classic in the history of television, while the motion picture “The Man Called Flintstone” has disappeared into relative obscurity. Many fans of the original show are not even aware of its existence. In 2005 there was a planned release of the film on DVD, but a licensing dispute put that on hold (the DVD is for sale in Canada) and it is uncertain at this time if it will ever reach the shelves.
But the guys over at One Minute Apologist have done a video with renowned Christian apologist, Dr. Michael Brown, asking the question this post centers around: should the Church ask for forgiveness from gays? (Spoiler alert: the answer Dr. Brown gives is yes.
...I spontaneously bought five books:
On top are some family photos, a battery operated candle on a cream pedestal (doubles as a nightlight), and a vintage silverplate pitcher that's all tarnished for some interest with some real-looking but fake seasonal branches.
the beauty of this cake is that not only is it yeast free but its dairy free too... sure there is a bucket of eggs in there but its so light and moist it tastes so divine... the recipe draws its heritage from a Nigella recipe found in Feast and also her classic Clementine Cake but it's also very similar to one of my mum's passover cakes... it's more than possible they both got it from the same old jewish lady...
This Monday just gone, J was trying to convince me to get off the couch and get out of the house! Enjoy the last of the wonderful Summer days that we're going to get.
I'll try and link up to the following challenges when I can get Internet:
Knocked out a cottage cheese craving with a half cup of the curds, a nectarine (that really didn't want to be pitted), some cranberry granola and a bunch of cinnamon. For some reason, the cinnamon flavor tasted a little off with the cottage cheese, but it didn't bother me enough to throw everything out.
Repeat with remaining dough, arranging 4 pieces per baking sheet.
As I rose, a red button was pushed.
While exploring the living things which made their home on a rotting alder log, I came upon something new to me. It was patch of what I initially though to be miniscule mushrooms with black glossy caps.
They still tasted amazing, I will be making these again, next time I will follow the recipe exactly and I will stick with one or the other; Gluten Free or Regular Baking...I am guessing the caving of my muffins had everything to do with the gluten free flour. Good thing my guinea pigs aren't picky ;) I'm not even sure why I have gluten free flour in the house...I think I may have been trying something out for my Mom because she has a wheat sensitivity and I always associate wheat with gluten. I think Iw ould like to try more gluten free baking but I need some solid recipes, I hate throwing things out. So if anyone knows a good blog or cookbook and could point me in the right direction, I would be ever so grateful.
Being a literature person, a story person, OF COURSE I have been thinking about the symbolic richness of this image. What message is available to me, having witnessed this event? Is it: Don't let the semester swallow you up? or perhaps: Don't bite off more than you can chew? Hmmm...
First - thank you so much to those who are the master-minds behind the challenge - you are all amazing!
I inserted this photo and then realized I have those shoes!! Total coincidence, I swear! Anyways, I knew I would get sidetracked into other non-home topics. To be fair, I did warn you.
I can't help thinking that the Watney's brand is still so toxic after all these years that Roger's efforts to rehabilitate it are doomed to failure, although I say good luck to him. If I see it, I'll give it a try, but I suspect it's likely to be available only in the London area.
Ajen Sita, Managing Partner: Africa at Ernst & Young comments “Despite high optimism, high growth and high returns, the perception gap still exists and the African continent as a whole still attracts fewer FDI projects than India and far fewer than China. There is still clearly work to be done by Africans – government and private sector alike – to better articulate and “sell” the growth story and investment opportunity for foreign investors.”
Check out the amazing Teaching Guide provided by Sylvan Dell Publishing! There are lots of wonderful activities to use with children in collaboration with this story that will make it a hit among your curriculum or just as a resource when sharing the story with your own children!
BAD AS ME
To require the truth of religion to hinge upon independent verification conducted by another person is to leave the care of your soul, indeed its very salvation, to a person who does not have as vested an interested in your salvation as you have. The mere position of an outside observer does not yield more insight into other men’s faith or worship. These things ought every man to sincerely inquire himself with due diligence, search, study, and meditation. We are all equal in nature concerning these things and no man has been placed above another.
- Persal Training (1993)
I had to cut down on my work committments and eventually resign from my job. And all of a sudden I had a lot of time to think. To feel. To rest. And to be. It started to resonate more with me what that doctor had said. It started to make sense that if you eat in a certain way it may effect the whole system. And maybe, just maybe, some of my illnesses could be traced back to my body not getting sufficient fuel, exercise and relaxation? By the end of 2011 I was ready to change my life for the better. I was ready to embark on a journey to improve the five key areas of my life that I felt needed to be addressed starting with my health.
I don't do a whole lot of holiday projects, the district kind of frowns upon that. I did make these mini pinatas for Cinco de Mayo one year. It was a total disaster, but I loved it!
I thought....
1. Wear more color.
I even got to use fun stitches for the hem!
Is cheaper than them uniforms, an’ they’re starvation cheap;
Workbox/File 8:Handwriting Workbook (HWT)
Rowwen Hèze Rooie kleed NL
All of the dogs were recovered, including Skeeter, who apparently spent some time riding around in a golf cart with the security guard at HarborWalk.
Later, back at home, you may have wanted to replicate the experience, for yourself or to impress relatives and friends. You bought the ingredients, you spent time studying the recipe and bringing it up to edible standards... to then find that no, not really, it tasted better, or stronger, or stranger when you were there, as you try to explain your disappointment to yourself or to your guests. It tasted different. It could have been anything, really, you go on wondering. That the shrimp was fed and fished locally, that the pasta was home made, that tap water was harder, or that the cook washed her hands with a different brand of soap. But I don’t think this is it. I think that whatever struck you, when you were abroad, was that it struck you there and then. Because you were there, then. You can’t replicate the there-and-then in the here-and-now.
Curtain fabric: Braemore Fioretto
One thing about my personality is I ALWAYS root for the underdog, so I am Team Jacob. Don't get me wrong, I love me some Edward...he is one hot vamp, however, I prefer my men with a tan. This post reminds me of a seller on etsy that paints vampire slogans on mugs. One of my favorite saying's is "I like my men tall, dark, and dead." LOL :D
Saturday the girls took a special trip to American Girl to have lunch at the American Girl Cafe and shop for Christmas gifts. We ended up running into my Mom, my Aunt Jane, my Mom's friend Barb and her daughter Mary, which was really fun, all doing a bit of Christmas shopping of their own! I have a feeling this is going to be a big AG Christmas. Ellie had a ball at the store with her doll in arm and loved her super-fancy girls' lunch. Ellie's doll got to join her at the table and even got her own little cup of tea. The American Girl Cafe is adorable- I'm definitely planning to do a Coffey girls trip there there this winter- I know Sadie, Gracie, and Lilly would love it as well!
We welcome your comments by clicking the comment link below.
This is the screen that started my obsession. Asian decor tends to have a lot of yellow and red. But I’m a big fan of the unusual screens with cool tones, pink, and crisp white. Bonus points for screens that depict birds, which many do. I *love* birds. I would really like this exact screen for my house.
In 1689 William of Orange and his wife Mary Stuart became monarchs of Scotland, and probably William would have liked an Episcopal church too, the better to control it. However the then Bishops had nice scruples about their oaths of loyalty to James VII, and told the new King they would serve him “as far as law, reason and conscience will allow”. So he reinstated Presbyterian church government, and in the “Rabbling of the Curates” most Episcopalian ministers were turned out of their churches.
Henry M. Rowan
In the 1960s and early 1970s, Giuseppina was broadcast 185 times on British television.And here it is in full:
sign of bad news.
December, giving a total of twelve seconds.'
Now, onto mine.
I have the sneaking suspicion that my doctor might be a feminist. This is a good thing.
So gig reviews are a bit thin on the ground on the blog these days - since I don't have as much "disposable income" as I used to and also frankly less bands on tour I'd like to see. Anyway this was this years first gig for the family Furtheron. Daughter-of-Furtheron, Mrs F and I went off to The O2 last night to see Snow Patrol.
sometimes it does not-
The Orthodox Church–Preserving the Faith and Life of Christ’s Body from the time of the Apostles. Welcome Home!
These movies almost ALWAYS never focus on showing the depth and complexities of women and rarely show men in a more charming masculine CONTROLLED state. The woman is simply wooed by a man doing all these things for her (even before being in a relationship with her where that stuff really counts) and paints women as simple easily won creatures in that all a man has to do to win a woman over is do overly romantic gestures. NOT!
In the end, however, I concluded that the research concerned really told us nothing at all about anything because it was not based on any kind of representative sampling. Solomon, Greenberg & Pyszczynski obviously disagree with me on that, however, so I have found another study based on their kind of "sampling" that should interest them. A study by Shariff & Norenzayan also looked at the effect of "priming" people's perceptions. Where the Solomon, Greenberg & Pyszczynski research showed that priming people to think about death caused them to become more conservative, however, the Shariff et al. research showed that priming people to think about God caused them to become more altruistic and kinder towards others! It tends to show that Christians are nicer people, in other words. I wonder what Pyszczynski and friends think about that? One thing they CANNOT consistently do is dismiss the finding on the grounds of unrepresentative sampling!
You can double this easily and make some tasty leftovers. I had some leftovers for lunch the next day and they were great.
Never one to sit around knowing she could help her community, Georgia formed a non-profit food pantry and future youth development program on the Cheyenne River Reservation last year, Okiciyap (we help) the Isabel Community. Again, with the help of bloggers, who were inspired by her fierce dedication to her community, we raised enough money to get a trailer that the Tribe had donated into place, skirt it, build a wheelchair ramp, and get a couple of deliveries of food to distribute. Over 100 families were helped within the past couple of months. That is Georgia's legacy to her community.
- The cakes. They were light and a bit crumbly. My personal preference is a denser, moist cake. And I felt that the chocolate flavors could have had a more pronounced chocolate flavor.
alongbine: Why are you awake? Go to bed!
The background of the sentiment was done
Well, it looks like my ignoring Blogger's layout changes has come to an end! It is an all new format here for me. I hope I pass the test! LOL
Becoming an Employer What you need to know
Humans huddle in their walled cities, supplying blood in exchange for safety. But not even that is guaranteed. Dawn has lost her entire family and now reluctantly serves as the delegate to Lord Valentine, the most powerful vampire for miles. It isn’t until she meets Victor, Valentine’s son, that she realizes not all vampires are monsters....
It’s clear to see the problem. The next logical question, when you believe in a system so much, is: Is it the Wing Chun as a system the problem? Or is it how Wing Chun is trained (what is the goal)?
Greetings Constant Readers from the hazy nebula of our collective imagination!
2. Add half and half to this mixture, until it turns white (approx half a pint).
Great Divide Brewing Company Denver Pale Ale
Just glad for the opportunity: Reese Cates is now replacing White in the draw, which had been released prior to White’s withdrawal from the event. The 2008 Rookie of the Year will match up with Blue Boy Jazz in the opening round.
In everyday English usage, epic means “beyond the ordinary in size, extent, and scope”.
The Clash: The Clash (Epic UK, 1977; Epic US, 1979)
We left the small church.
In June and July of 2001, Unocal and UN/US officials were meeting with the Taliban in order to get them to allow a pipeline to be built through their country. The only sticking point was that the investors wanted US troops on the ground to protect their investment and the Taliban flat out refused.
I so enjoyed creating these adorable pieces and hope they each find a home of their own one day.
They put their love upon that stage
I must have been quite young. I’d personally include fairytales in the general ‘myth’ category: but I was certainly reading a version of the Odyssey before I was ten. And I absolutely mopped up Roger Lancelyn Green’s retellings of the Greek and Norse legends. I loved them! They didn’t scare me: I found them exciting and wonderful. I remember trying to make lists of gods and goddesses and line them up. Mars = Ares = Tyr, for example, and Venus = Aphrodite = Freya – but there were always the odd men out, like Loki in the Norse canon, whose role might be compared with Mercury/Hermes, but whose character seems quite different. I even wrote about them. I composed a long story when I was about 12, of a a boy who goes on holiday to Greece (a country I’d never visited) and meets the Medusa in a sea cave.
So, further proof of just how delicious and enticing well made modern wine can be and how classic styles are constantly evolving and reinventing themselves in line with modern concepts and technical possibilities.
Apples & Chocolate. Go bake!
Miscellaneous Store Retailers
"Was that a Ducati I heard?"
With the resettlement process in the North reaching its final-phase, the Ministry of Resettlement has stepped up its resettlement drive by making moves to bring back to this country Displaced Sri Lankans living in some 31 camps in Tamil Nadu. Resettlement Ministry Secretary Uthpala Basnayaka yesterday said the Sri Lankan High Commission inNew Delhiis currently working with the concurrence of the Indian authorities to bring back the Sri Lankan Displaced living in camps in Tamil Nadu.The Sri Lankan Deputy High Commissioner’s office in Chennai has been asked to speed up their repatriation by organizing the necessary documents. They will be issued with non-machine readable passports as a means to expediting the returning process, he said. The United Nations High Commission for Refugees(UNHCR) inColombois assisting the repatriation process and the Ministry’s efforts to resettle them in the North, said Basnayaka. UNHCR sources in Colombo said a number of foreign governments have provided financial support to the UNHCR’s important work in Sri Lanka this year.Basnayaka said on the resettlement process of the Displaced persons living inside the country, that out of a quarter million Displaced persons, they are now in the process of resettling 7,000. “They too will be resettled in three months. We have procured 600 acre land in the Kombavil area in the Mullaitivu district to resettle them. We are clearing the land to build houses for them,” he said. Each displaced family will be given a 40 perch block of land, he said.
October 12
I am on the look-out for more Style Print patterns. I found the fit to be really good and the instructions were very clear. I did muslin the bodice because it's the first time I've used these patterns. I ended up adding an extra 1/4 inch to each of the side (I was paranoid of the dreaded gaping front) and lengthened the waist front and back by about 1/4 inch. I also took about 2 inches off the skirt length.
But while we learn and develop, we don’t necessarily change our consciousness as we age. In fact, according to David Hawkins, most people’s vibrational level only changes by about 5 points during their lifetime if they do nothing to develop themselves emotionally and spiritually. This means that most people’s fundamental “home frequency,” the level of consciousness they return to from the peaks and valleys of life, remains set very close to where they were born.
The people that do setup, tear-down, sound, children’s ministry, hospitality, bulletins are my hero’s!
Just because I decided to go to France during the week of Mother’s Day and my eldest sister’s 50th Birthday doesn’t stop my family from asking me to make them brunch. God forbid they would make their own brunch while I am gone….no, they just decided to wait until I got back.
24. Do you hate anyone now that you didn't hate this time last year?
“Bonsai to me: a little tree in a container that touches my soul. If it speaks to my soul much it is bonsai art. It does not matter at all how it does it as long as it does it.” - Walter Pall
Click on the pictures to get a bigger view of it. Also check out the the design team's blogs for more details about their cards.
Make any purchase of $25 or more at CooperandMe.com and get FREE SHIPPING now through December 15. MUST USE THIS CODE @ Check Out: COOPERBLOG
Both girls look like stars, no braces! Sakes alive!
We talked a bit more about life in general, enjoyed some fresh-squeezed orange juice and soon it was time to leave. My impression of the 1/2 day I spent with Juan and his family—WOW!
At the 'meet the teacher' a few days later, Jack showed off his painting of his Pelican. This year he switched 'teams'. He went from being a 'shark' to being a 'pelican'.
not just decorated my glasses box but i have made my Tilda Doll to compliment with it ..
Materials: Cotton knit outer, hidden layer of bamboo hemp fleece, cotton velour inner. Insets: cotton velour outer, bamboo hemp terry; heavy bamboo fleece.
Just before you are ready to eat add the remaining 2 tbsp of olive oil to a frying pan and fry the tortillas on both sides until crisp and golden. Put onto individual serving plates or if you prefer wrap in foil and keep warm. Using the same pan over a higher heat fry the eggs, spooning some of the oil over the top of them so that the yolks are cooked but still runny and the whites nice and golden and
When we do meet up Adam tells me he decided on having a cupping treatment. I had heard about it before. A cup is heated over a flame (to draw out the air) and then it is placed on the body. The lack of air creates a suction which draws out toxins and evil spirits. Just kidding about the evil spirits part, it just sounded funny. Then he proceeds to lift up his shirt and I almost vomit right there on the heated floor. As you can tell by the picture he is covered in these horrible, perfectly circular, purple bruises. (As the week goes by they turn a gross yellow color)He claims it didn't hurt and a little old Korean lady was the one who did it. No, she was not in her underwear; I asked. And no, he was wearing shorts; I asked that too. She then gave him a foot and calve massage.
It’s interesting how much more mindful I am of the “balance” of my life now that I’ve listed that as my word to focus on this year. I always had issues with resolutions, and this is much less of a resolution and much more of a constant reminder – it seems to be working so much better.
I really don’t know anymore and am finding it difficult to accept intense emotions which occur from everyday experiences. If I am excessively angry about something, I know invariably this is part of Bipolar (by excessively angry I guess I mean overreacting with rage to tiny little things). As part of Bipolar I know the emotions can be intensified dramatically, so subconsciously I think I must discount them as not quite real, therefore not to be trusted- like a delusion. And so I deny them. In my head I’m thinking:
1Then the heads of the families of the Levites came to Eleazar the priest and Joshua, the son of Nun, and to the heads of families of the tribes of the children of Israel;
Instead of water cooler gossip about the weekend I got to chatter with my daughter about her day at school.
And as usual...PLEASE BE CAUTIONED. I curse like a drunken pirate at port over there...I make no apologies for it. (And yes...I do mean WORSE than here!)
Instead of a walk this morning we decided to go watch some of the older age groups play up at Crigglestone – a walk would definately have been the warmer option – Summer Rugby – who are they kidding – it was warmer in November!!! On the plus side watching the rugby meant more practise with my camera – 3000 pictures I’ve taken this weekend- got some cracking shots, even if I do say so myself, and some bleeding awful ones – still practise makes perfect. Trouble is I think some people are starting to get a little bit sick of me taking random photos when they least expect – but they’re the best ones to take. They’ll thank me when I’m famous and photos of them are on show for all to see (A girl can dream)
Mary has made the best choice, something that can’t be taken away.”
One, VBS was last week. I taught third grade with my good friend, Grace. It's always a fun week of chaos that is often hard for this structured schoolteacher to manage. Somehow, we made it through -- even with 31 kids in the classroom! The theme was "I Spy," so I've had the Pink Panther theme song in my head ever since.
6) Write a blog post about this giveaway and link me to it in your comment - (2 entries)
Yes, I’m a little all over the place because I often find Apps a distraction. I use them to avoid doing work, or to keep myself occupied when my middle boy is in the penalty box (he goes there more than I would like). I find Apps like the Manuscript App to be a distraction from writing. Just like I found Scrivener to be. Yes, I tried it, and I went back to what works for me…plan old Word and Excel (I’ve been hanging out with Bob too long). We are always looking for the “quick easy way” but there is no quick and easy.
So what better to start us off than a boat and some oil barrels...
Cormac McCarthy's Blood Meridian
A Pit Bull is simply a dog. Not a demon or the scapegoat to blame for people’s lack of understanding of animals or people behavior.
This signifies that the IDF regards the Egyptian and Syrian borders as the potential source of a greater threat than in the past,” the former deputy chief of staff, Dan Harel, said on Wednesday night.
- Battling re-imagined versions of bosses from the original Zelda game on NES can be cool fan service for longtime Zelda gamers.
David McCammon is a farmer with a plant hire business in Larne, County Antrim. He has owned horses for most of his life, having had them in training with another Larne man, Roy Wilson, County Durham-based Howard Johnson and now Stuart Crawford. It is Crawford’s close proximity to McCammon that prompted Killyglen’s arrival at the trainer’s Larne yard from Johnson’s. Crawford and McCammon live only about six miles apart. McCammon has already enjoyed a notable triumph at Aintree thanks to Killyglen who landed the Grade Two Mildmay Novices’ Chase at the 2009 John Smith’s Grand National meeting. His winning pointer Inverglen is also in training with Crawford and was sixth in a novice hurdle at Downpatrick on March 7, while the useful mare Glen Harley won three races under Rules for McCammon when trained by Wilson.
So as I continually explain myself to others – I do, in fact, have a job – and yes – it is for real – I’m going to keep on working and loving what I do. I’m up to the challenge and I’m excited for what the years ahead have in store.Mmmm. Don't you feel better? I know I do.
To grant one man such power it is essential to at least know who he is. A few bits of circumstantial evidence suggesting he may be who he says he is are not good enough.
Which brings me onto the next topic: Look how you feel. I’m completely guilty of trudging into school in sweatpants and a baseball cap. Which is why I am super excited to announce that I have enlisted the help of fellow blogger Wear Fierce Paint to help me out in the beauty department. (Yes, I do secretly watch Joan Rivers’ Fashion Police but don’t tell anyone. I have a reputation to uphold here!) We all deserve to look as beautiful on the outside as we feel on the inside. In my next post I plan to have the lovely Jess give me a bit of a makeover. I’ll put up a before and after picture.
I got in the studio with a really good producer called Pantha. For me, music is such a huge part of my life it’s what I think and dream about. I just wanted to talk about how music is part of me. In the lyrics I mentioned, “If you cut me open, looked into my bones you would see that’s where the melodies flow,” I actually feel as if music flow through me and literally everything I look at I tend to see it from a musical brain. I just wanted to get that across, and I hope that people can relate to it if they also love music.
Monday: 4 easy miles
Maggie muttered a variety of curses in multiple languages while Sybil added a few of her own.
As the group cleared out, Ben wasn’t the only one to notice the bum. The sight drew Jennifer outside just to speak to the strange man with both curiosity and opportunism at work in her mind. “You” she addressed him as she stepped out onto the porch and headed down the stairs toward the lawn. “You’re on my property. Who are you?”
I still need to do some work for school tomorrow--yes, really.
About 10 minutes before you want to eat, remove the ice cream from the freezer to soften. Set your tart on an upturned tin – this should help to remove the sides. Slide the base carefully off with a knife and put on a serving plate.
The day started with plans of heading to London and trying to fit in both Westminster Abbey and the London Eye. We attempted to head out early so that we weren't coming home in the dark (which happens at 4pm), but still didn't manage to leave until almost 10am. It all comes down to negotiating with a small girl about what she might like to wear for the day (and not freeze to death in the process) and trying to convince a small boy that shoes are indeed necessary and that a jumper before going out isn't an unreasonable request.
Yesterday, over a month later, I received a follow-up email from corporate HR, which is located across the country. They want references and a salary expectation. Is it acceptable for me to get excited?
and then, 16 or so years ago, the scrapbook craze hit. everyone went wild. the industry exploded. the pressure was on to create art and memories at the same time. get all your pictures in books. soon the pictures built up until i couldn't keep up with them. too much expectation. i started to write. honestly, at the time i thought it was easier. (ha ha)
"You love her, you want her?!"
The mad dash of the day
This is internet. This is how my short discovery just happened:
Garlicky nut coated spaghetti and cumin treated salmon.
My own view is that such an attack is an extremely remote possibility since it must still come from a nation-state and would easily be detected. This would ensure that the perpetrating country would be nothing but a cinder by the next day. Rather, I think the greater danger is the Sun, a body which is totally indifferent to notions of deterrence, but whose fury could be addressed through the hardening of our many vulnerable systems.
The first-half was notable for two seemingly clear cut penalties for either team. Sam Schwodler was tackled from behind, then Burridge goalkeeper Ryan Jones brought down an opponent with his arms. Neither side were awarded spot kicks. A busy night of paper work no doubt beckoned for the assessor – had he been anywhere near either of the incidents. One Comrades follower was outraged that his side weren't given a penalty. Burridge manager, Paul Dyke told him that this tied the bad decisions at one-each. The Comrades supporter didn't agree, and the two of them began debating at twenty paces. It was a bit of a stalemate given that the Comrades supporter was similar to Dyke, in being gruffly spoken and forthright with his opinions. Although by the sounds of it the one thing missing from Dyke's opponent was any form of secondary education. So, on reflection, a spilt decision win for Dyke.
After basking in the cool temperatures (n.b. Austin is on Day 55 or 58 or more of 100+ degrees), we headed down into Chicago to spend some more time with Bill & Kathryn at their home. Days were spent at the Botanical Gardens, Creed & Evan played - or more likely observed - golf with Bill & his son, had a little beach time and took a day trip into almost Iowa to look at an old movie theatre that needs Evan's restoration expertise.
2tbsp caster sugar
LATUC encourages all Spanish-speaking brothers and sisters in trade unions across Canada to attend and participate in our First Constitutional Convention.
This is the only time Jesus is called an apostle.
Becoming increasingly frustrated with the negative response to my work I realized I had to have an animal model and decided to use myself.
Oh it's been such a busy time. On top of all the baking and shopping and wrapping and my usual daily duties, my little Donster has been sick. He was on his 3rd round of antibiotics for an ear infection that wouldn't go away and around day 7 of this round he broke out in a rash, which I assumed was an allergic reaction. Well the doctor says it's scarlet fever, which I don't understand because he's been on so many antibiotics how is that even possible?? I think it's fifth disease, as it looks JUST like it, is acting like it and is viral, so would make more sense. He was soo red and covered in spots from head to toe. Poor guy.
“The truth is that the fear is from the opposite side. In the U.S. there is a strong lobby opposed to the naturalization of Muslims and Arabs, for racist and political reasons. Immigration to the U.S. eventually results in citizenship, and the granting of full citizens’ rights – something not granted to Arab refugees in any Arab country, regardless of the humanitarian situation.
Having explored the bunk house and chosen the smaller of the two rooms available we are faced with the news that we will be sharing our digs for the night with another couple of wall walkers (and their two dogs, Merlin and Skye)… Much as we miss having the company of our Entertainments Officer and Co-Pilot at least now these two nice people don’t have to spend the storm filled night sleeping under a hedgerow.
Melt the butter and then stir in the flour letting it cook for a few moments over a low heat to get rid of the floury taste.
While James Stephenson as Leslie's lawyer and Herbert Marshall as her husband are both superb, it's Davis's movie, with everything hanging on this, one of the best performances she ever gave. The Letter should be required viewing for anyone who derides the actress as overly mannered, loud or abrasive. Davis is quiet, proper, there are no tics or obvious gestures to let you know what's seething underneath. It's all behind her eyes, not in her voice but in the pauses that seem to make her constant calculation visible. Andrew Sarris noted her best moments,
Dogizilla Black IPA
Much has been written recently about the white women’s liberation movement in the United States and the question arises whether there are any parallels between this struggle and the movement on the part of black women for total emancipation. While there are certain comparisons that one can make, simply because we both live under the same exploitative system, there are certain differences, some of which are quite basic. The white women’s movement is far from being monolithic. Any white group that does not have an anti-imperialist and anti-racist ideology has absolutely nothing in common with the black women’ t struggle. Are white women asking to be equal to white men in their pernicious treatment of third world peoples? What assurances have black women that white women will be any less racist and exploitative if they had the power and were in a position to do so? These are serious questions that the white women’s liberation movement has failed to address itself to.
Let's just say you happen to be leafing through a comic while you happen to be standing in one of the locations that figures heavily in the story. At the same time on the stage, a musician who appears as a character in that selfsame comic is performing the very song he is depicted as performing in the story and comes to the lyrics quoted in the text at the exact same moment that you are reading them.
Press the slices of the tofu or tempeh into the spice blend and cover both sides with it.
Mint Julep
This past Sunday was our first "quiet Sunday afternoon at home after church" to spend together in 2 months so we wanted to do something together outside. The only problem was that I have cross-country skis and David doesn't...the snow shoes decided they wanted to retire after 40 some years of being on this earth... yet the snow was 3 feet deep. We walked in our snow boots down our road to a trail but discovered there was 3-4 feet of snow instead of a trail. As we walked back into our driveway somewhat disheartened at our lack of options, we both had the same idea. "How long has it been since you made a snow fort?!"
The second of the two Snow White films this year, this one proves to be the darker, more action packed version of the two. With Kristen Stewart and Charlize Theron playing the titular character and the Evil Queen at war with one another, this takes Snow White to a whole other level. Making it look more like Gladiator than a fairy tale (which seems to be quite a trend lately) we shall see if people really want to see a bad-ass Snow White film. I am quite sick of fairy tale adaptations turned into dark brooding films. Some are meant to be, but Snow White I don’t think was ever intended as a battle film. That being said, it might beat it’s competitor, Mirror Mirror, which had a minor run in theaters. We shall see indeed who is the fairest of them all.
Drizzle with Tokatsu sauce over and serve immediately.
He says, "All I got is thirty".
Next I made the trip into the house with the grates, and after a half hour of scrubbing I got those clean along with the covers for the burners. And, I put the pieces back where they belonged.
There’s a welcome outbreak of fighting spirit in the February edition of the CAMRA newsletter What’s Brewing from Chris Holmes, a former national chairman of the organisation and retiring chairman of Castle Rock Brewery.
Sole judge of truth, beholding Truth unfurled,
Porque morir es natural,
Perhaps the most Christmassy of all the films listed here as this not only takes place at Christmas but contains numerous references to Christmas and is set against the backdrop of snow. It is even, at times, trying to be a twisted version of It's a Wonderful Life. Of course, it also contains vicious little monsters who create havoc and hurt, maim and kill arbitrarily. Indeed, they'd be some characters in this film who might prefer to have spent the festive period in Gotham circa 1992. But there is glee in this film - even if it is often a malicious, sadistic glee. It is a fun and fast-moving motion picture, even if occasionally scary, and as such is perfect for Christmas.
I’d made prior promises to the young work guy, though… and so at 9pm left my cosy den of great food and quirky new people and drove back to the coast… to a dank, uninspired hole in the wall filled with women (apparently he only has 4 male friends, and their shared enjoyment of grabbing each other’s groin was supposed to be the thing that convinced us that they weren’t gay), 90% of whom had grown up on the coast, and heard variations of the following at least 4 times through the evening, ‘Why’d you eva leave the place mate… I don’t get it. It’s f’ing paradise hear. PARADISE!!!’ .
The Gameplay… well thats a different story. Its reminds me of the ATB System… but its not finished. All the basics are there, the meter fills, you get an action, and you use it, but its not like you think. First, the enemy can still attack you while your picking an action. That bugs me, but more than it should because the lvl, attack, defense scale in this game for player and villians are way unstable. You can fight something with no problem one minute, then meet an enemy that can hit you for 2000 points of damage in one attack. This is not right… another this is that the screen will never tell you why an attack with not hit. I don’t mean just missing, i mean it will just waste MP, and you will have no idea if you missed, if he’s immune, or if god hates you.
The cowboy then insisted upon reciting an x-rated version of The Night Before Christmas. Of which I can't remember but a single line except ... there was Saint Nick staring at her gash.
… Hike… Walk… Run
I know that these cookies are in no way Canada vacations related or April’s fool related. I’ll do a post about my trip and all the food I ate soon I guess … Those cookies are really good !!! Yeah I have a thing for the combo banana, chocolate, oatmeal … I guess you got it right ? Hope you will give it a try !!
Check out the list below of where the tour will be taking place.
Be inspired.
LadyBug was given a clean bill of health and THEN she got to go to get a treat at the store!! She has never been shopping with mama before, so this was a VERY big deal!! She was such a good girl, both at the vet and while we were shopping! She even met another dog...no problems at all! Fun times with my girl!! Chloe was happy to stay home with her Dad...she doesn't like riding anymore...no matter what I do.
Barbara ordered a mojito to start off with and we all decided to split the Indian Style Bread Service. It looks as though I forgot to write down exactly what bread and accompaniments we ordered but I'll go off of memory. I think we got the Naan, Papadum, and Paneer. For the accompaniments we got the Mango Chutney, Garlic Pickle, and Roasted Red Bell Pepper Hummus. EVERYTHING was amazing! I can see now why people always suggest to order it. Naan was the highlight for the breads and everyone sort of liked different accompaniments best. The Garlic Pickle was the most unique by far. If you don't like a strong garlic flavor then I definitely would not suggest it to you. Fortunately for me, I love garlic more than life itself.
Franconia will sell in draft and keg only for now. Originally planned are four beers: a light lager, a wheat ale, a third beer that will either be a kölsch or a schwarzbier, and one as yet unnamed that will be sold exclusively through the Two Rows chain.
4 eggs beaten well
All these ideas were shot down during the design conceptualization meeting with my son.
Gillian Philip's Firebrand was my favourite book of last year, introducing Seth McGregor, another fay or fairy who is as much like the little winged folk as David Starkey is like Camilla Batmadjeli.
I keep forgetting about it.
Play practice starts this week. I am excited this time, I think it will be a fun play. I hope, anyway...
So after all that, here is Knox's nursery!!
I got a really interesting question from a reader last week about gyms, and I thought I’d take a minute and answer it in this post. Here’s the question:
This is a show that is probably in the almost completely safe zone. It should be back unless something weird happens.
Enjoy and CRAFT ON!!
Talk about getting goosebumps! I was Fer-Reaking out! I mean, what are the odds that I’m sitting directly in front of this book at this particular moment only to find that this particular author on this particular day shares this particular interview containing this particular bit of information pertaining to said book? This is no joke!
Everything changes when we get saved. We don’t stop living in the world. We can never do that. We can’t shut ourselves out of it. We can only say that’s who we used to be, but thanks to the blood of Jesus Christ, we are redeemed and are new beings in Christ.
could be on fire again,
has suddenly decided it wants to learn English.
Former councillors from various areas have told me about corruption and backhanders and this is what we must expose. Those who can be shown to have taken bribes to demolish buildings and redevelop our towns and cities must be exposed.
Michael Tolkien, the grandson of legendary J R R Tolkien, has signed a two title contract with Thames River Press. Both books will contain the stories JRR used to narrate to Michael as a child. WISH and RAINBOW are scheduled to be released later this year.
This isn’t just a romance, it is filled with plenty of heartfelt moments, action of both the steamy kind and adventure kind, it had everything you could want from an m/m romance read with a little mystery and plenty of suspense. I liked how each character really had a personality of their own and didn’t get lost in the words or telling of the story. The twists and turns in the book were easy to keep up with and it didn’t feel bogged down with too much information, it flowed and I really got caught up in the story, I didn’t want it to end. I wanted to read more about Evan and Kyle, how everything is now that they have found each other, if they do end up with a family and the life they want together. I really loved Evan and Kyle as characters, they were amazing to read and even though frustrating at times with not putting their issues behind them and being together sooner, I couldn’t help but enjoy every second of them together. I would give this between 3 and a half and borderline four stars. Great read.
Then make size to 5-6".)
So I'm doing my best to keep calm and to stay focused on what is important. It's important to be there for my son and to help him to regulate. And I do see that it is taking less from me to help him do that. I am mindful that he has made huge progress.
As the hands slide easily over my wet flesh, I felt my skirt being lifted and the gusset of my knickers being pulled aside. Suddenly a tongue darted out to play with my clit. I moaned with pleasure as the tongue worked its way between the folds of my pussy lips.
Porter changed their paint and paint colors a couple years ago, and they don't have this color name on the chip any more. There is almost an exact match now, but you'll have to ask the folks at Porter what will work best. (If they can't help, let me know.)
Boring
As you would imagine, I'm geekin' at my desk right now. And I'm also thinking of every way I can drive traffic to the article . I'm also freaking out a bit, and worrying that this will either be a bust for and result in 0 sales, or be an amazing success resulting in more sales than I have space in my kitchen to bake with.
Needless to say, when I decided over the weekend that I was going to give this recipe another shot (kind of), I had no idea it would lead to an epiphany of me realizing just how far I have come as a home chef.
Brenda
I am…slighty crazy about NOT having a car.
I used 2 9x13 cakes. I frosted them with confetti frosting (only the best frosting out there), and used Starburst candies to make the playing spaces.
You have this to view.
17. not post the amount of my winnings in the blog and in FB. Just ever so subtly drop hints but never flat out disclose.
responsibility
This project is not only available Korea but internationally as well. Our expectation(budget) is 2,500,000 KRW or 2350 USD. Surprisingly, some foreign people have showed some interest in us, so we've joined Bandcamp.
We are only a few days into the New Year and already we have our first case of “that b*tch done stole my song”. The good news is that for once (at least this time) it’s not Beyonce; I love her but y’all know she say’s jackin’ someone elses sh*t.
Crying Kids with Santa is HYSTERICAL.
So I busted out my new bright denim pants and wore it by an outfit inspired by this post. I can't tell you enough how much I love these pants and want to wear them all the time, however, bright aqua pants are pretty obvious and people will notice if I wear them twice a week. LOL. I'm still on the hunt for some hot pink ones, they'll be fabulous for summer!
um.
Chris graduated from the Citadel military college and entered the Army as a 2nd Lieutenant. He was promoted quickly up through the ranks over the years that followed. Then in February 2007, while serving in Iraq, a roadside bomb exploded near the personnel carrier he was in. Four other men died in the attack. Chris was seriously injured, but the medics on the scene saved his life and got him airlifted out of there. He was in a medically induced coma for over six weeks while some of his internal injuries healed, and we wouldn't know the extent of any brain damage until he was finally brought out of the coma.
Everytime I thought I was done, I found something else to do. I was in that zone where your brain is shouting "Hey, idiot! Take a freaking nap!!!", but your body is all zoom zoom ZOOMMMMM.
“Manfred von Richthofen!” he said. “The hand of destiny is here to caress you!”
Who, although he be God and Man: yet he is not two, but one Christ;
And ... these little dancing wonton flowers just bloom ... 18 of them dancing gracefully on the plate.
I have been asking myself the same question of my book lately. How do I know when it's finished? And while my art professor's answer worked for him--he was professionally and aesthetically very successful--I don't think it works for me.
Sorry for the bad picture- sis' borrowed my camera and the one I have right now only works well for landscapes I reckon:)
GOD. This season should have ended 3 episodes ago, right after the "up here, down there" fight. I would have been clamoring for more! Now I just HATE everyone. Well, almost everyone. I still have somewhat warm feelings for Bobby and, God help me, that crazy bitch Ramoner. More on that later. Here is your Real Housewives of New York City recap:
Then, as a group, we parade through town arm-in-arm, while most of the village is out on the street cheering and checking out what everyone is wearing. We parade to the church, where all of the students are blessed, and give thanks for the accomplishments. In Orthodox churches, women must cover their heads to go inside. Probably one of the funniest things was seeing all of the girls, in the short and some revealing dresses, having to cover their heads to go into the church.
I knew this book would be fascinating to read, because I took the Artella class "From Here to ARTernity." It was the first time I heard the idea that there are two ways of viewing time - linear verses non-linear, kronos verses kairos. As artists, we enter into kairos without even realizing it. What am I talking about? Well, I don't want to spoil your appetite. The answer is in Marney's book Creating Time. The answer is thought-provoking indeed!
But, there are also exceptions to the rules. Cath Kidston has a terrier motif that features on both boyswear and girlswear. I'm betting pandas would bite you, but they are quite girly, aren't they? But then again, maybe because they are vegetarian that knocks them down the ferocity scale. What do you think? Do you think it's the ferocity of the animal that determines which gender it is allotted to?
Nurses came in to check on both her and I every 15 minutes. At some point they explained the schedule to me, and I don't remember exactly, but it was something like every 15 minutes for the first hour, every half hour for the second, and every hour for a few hours (two? four? ten? I don't remember). Eventually it was just three times a day by the time we left, but it seemed non-stop the first day or so. They also gave her a third glucose check, which she FINALLY passed. She still had to pass two more, though, before they'd consider her in the clear.
In my last post I commented on the trend towards the familiar, and so this might seem like a contradiction, but it's not. We get bored easily, but we don't want real change, we're not interested in real literary development, and in the age of the cult of youth and personality we are frankly frightened of the kind of change that overtakes dewy young faces as the years go by. We want a new brand of the same product: tales of youth adorned with pics of authors with sulky pouts and slides in their hair and little-girl cardigans. (Apologies to Gwendoline Riley, but then I never said I wasn't a bitch; now there's an author who managed to publish a very short novel - see 'Odds and Ends' in the Art of Fiction - and I suspect it wasn't simply on the strength of her prose, good as it is.)
The Layers SUCK, the old stuff replaced with the new sometimes makes me miss the old behaviors… “PLEASE go back to peeing, the boogers are grossing me out”…
16) Do you have any plans on the horizon you would like to talk about? I`m planning to ride with some of the best street riders in the world, but I`ll never be able to keep it up with them, I`m too old!!! (Ed: “Yeah Right!”)
It was a great whirlwind of a weekend, I got to celebrate one of my best friend’s birthday’s, see old friends, and do some pretty serious shopping in Brooklyn. Not to mention our front row seats at Coachella (I know, we couldn’t believe we got so close either!). All in all an amazing weekend filled with fun and friends! I hope you had a wonderful weekend as well!
Fall Out Boy. Skinny jeans. Panic! At the Disco. Black eyeliner. Band t-shirts.
A big head as you see, cloudy yellow, great aroma of banana, yeasty and a little pepper?
Blogging Identity Quest: found Painted Fish Studio (http://paintedfishstudio.com) The designer’s Amsterdam pictures stirred the longing to find some of my old photos of Amsterdam and post them; having lived in the city for almost eight years.
Speaking of stinky- we had a baby possum on our bird feeder here at work this am. And he stuck around for a while. Although we couldn't really smell him, he looked pretty stinky! Then we have had several patients smell horrible today! Come on people take bath and wash your underarms and your butt crack! That's exactly how they have smelt! Eww.
color palette: kiwi green, butter yellow, peach, warm wood tones
They now refer to this as “doing a Liz” when they make a card in
The images below were taken from a student project that I completed in the Fall of 2009. The purpose of the project was to create a calendar page design that could work in grayscale or in color. Each student was assigned a month and instructed to create a calendar page.
Not going to spoil the plot for anyone.
It is the week of my birthday and I can feel death’s hands draw inevitably closer. ha-ha Of course I’m kidding. I’ve actually heard that 33 is one of the happiest ages to be. I’m not sure why that is or how that was found out but, I would hope it to be true. I would like 33 to be a turning point at least in my artistic career. No more screwin’ around, I either start AND FINISH some huge artistic venture or I don’t do it at all.
Corruption and cronyism are endemic in Greece. But no politician or senior businessman had been convicted in recent years, fuelling popular frustration with mainstream parties that pledge to uphold the debt-laden country’s international bailout and remain in the euro zone.
By the late 1700's, Britain needed a better method. In 1784, John Palmer, a Bath theater owner, suggested employing coaches like the ones used to transport acting troupes. At first, the government ridiculed his idea. But with the blessing of the Prime Minister, William Pitt, Palmer funded an experimental run between Bristol and London. The trip took sixteen hours. The previous time was up to thirty-eight hours. Convinced, the government authorized more routes and rewarded Palmer with the office of Surveyor and Comptroller General of the Post Office.
Note: The licorice flavored fennel complements the sweet onions and brandy in this soup. If you're not a fennel fan, then add 2 more onions. For a variation, you can also use smoked Gouda or rye bread.
We could return fire in kind
Of course, this is par for the course. Anything that doesn't go the way the Paultards think it should is due to the machinations of some arcane, devious plot by people determined to keep us in bondage to the war machine profiteers, the internationalist bankers, and the career politicians who are in thrall to them all.
A total thumbs up from me on this one, go and buy! Or at least try the vanilla milk and raspberry…you will never want to drink a shower gel more in your life!
I looked into the most amazing, serene, beautiful eyes of my new baby boy, born at home. The first thing I said after he was born? "Hello, sweetness." Then, "That wasn't so bad!" It really wasn't.
I think I’ll go ahead with the blatant plagiarism and keep the ball rolling in that direction.
Jami: Well, we wanted the baby - that baby. It was so weird being pregnant and happy one day and then not being pregnant the next. Even months later I'd find myself driving to the library or store and think, "I was just pregnant and now I'm not. How is that?" It's hard to let go of something you held inside of you and wanted so much. It's been even harder not being able to get pregnant again. I've had to let go of the dream of more children. It feels like many deaths instead of just one.
There you have the first 11 chapters of my novel, tentatively titled “Where the Weird Things Are.” It is very awesome to see it all out on paper like that. All 33k words, single spaced, one-sided. That roughly came out to 80 pages. But man, something about seeing all those words on paper really made me feel good. Accomplished even.
Danny, You know I did.
The downside to Facebook is that it isn't archived or searchable or editable. Argh! Not good when you want to find dated posts and photos. But you can play Scrabble with your friends and loved ones! Super fun!
Frankly, 21 Jump Street is not that funny. There are two or three parts where I actually laughed, but there’s nothing special. The movie is immensely predictable and the characters are boring. There’s really nothing to review. You would think a movie adaptation of the popular TV show would be something special and worth remembering. I could barely remember the two main characters’ names, or any of the other characters for that matter. It’s a passover movie, nothing more… Unless you have an uncontrollable fetish for penis jokes.
“You’re almost here and it seems like you’re full of enthusiasm and desire to come to the light. I try to imagine how you look but in vain! I saw you in my dreams more than once but each time you looked different!”
Happy end of the weekend, you all!
While some families hold the secret to the fluffiest matzoh balls in town, others have created new traditions to share with their families and friends.
as well as his phone-set inside. Apparently, someone doesn’t want this guy to talk!
litter box tycoon
I’m not sure how anonymous reporting creates a culture of trust and accountability, but in any event, many an HR director or ombuds will tell you that it’s awfully hard to do a fair and thorough investigation based on such reports — especially for a targeted form of mistreatment such as workplace bullying.
2 tablespoons cooking oil
I mean 8 each of cups, saucers, and treat plates!
1. Harrison Moyle (B) 36; 2. (tie) Ray Schuttenberg (B), Scott Sessions (P) 37; 4. Andrew Rubich (B) 38; 5. Will Simons (B) 39; 6. (tie) Anatole Sachs (B), Sam Lonsdale (B) 40; 8. Aiden McDermott (P) 43; 9. Mark Fleming (P) 47; 10. Brian Ferch (P) 60.
Matalin is certainly one of the better-known political consultants, but is she a legend?
I am an athletic supporter! I LOVE college football (GO BOISE STATE!) and really enjoyed going to any type of sporting event in school. I love soccer. However, I am not a big athlete. NOPE! Even when I was younger and loved soccer, throwing a baseball, and if I do say so myself- had a killer serve in volleyball- I was never what I would consider an "athlete."
1 3/4 cups White Whole Wheat or Whole Wheat pastry flour (alternately you could use all purpose)
** rinsing the dried chillies and Sichuan peppercorns, helps to release the flavour better (IMO) and also prevent them from burning too quickly.
ROCK OF AGES is directed by Tony Award Nominee Kristin Hanggi (Bare, Pussycat Dolls on the Sunset Strip) and choreographed by Kelly Devine (Jersey Boys – Associate Choreographer). With a book by Chris D’Arienzo (writer and director of the film Barry Munday), original arrangements by David Gibbs (Counting Crows, Film: That Thing You Do) and the Music Supervision, Arrangements & Orchestrations by Ethan Popp (Tarzan; Europe: We Will Rock You, Mamma Mia).
I myself built the set the easy way and bought it completed about three years ago. I know that's like cheating, but I saved a lot on shipping charges by not having to pay $2-$3 each to have all 21 cards shipped from different sellers. The Jordan, Clyde Drexler and Dominique Wilkins are certainly favorites of mine, but the Shaq' is where it's at for me. Easily one of my favorite cards in my collection from one of my favorite 90's sets.
At a car dealership.
bring out the divinely revealed reality of the Father manifested in the person Jesus and his works.
May 3 – Myth (St. Paul, MN) #
Pevan blinked. "Actually, I was just thinking that couldn't be the whole story. If you were crazy, maybe, but you don't look like it."
Price: Moderate
Daniel Day-Lewis, Gangs of New York
The heart and crown have been stamped seperately onto white card, cut out, coloured with Alcohol pens and glued on. I stamped the words from Crafty Individuals - UM Britannia below in black so that it became a focal point.
I had to remind them that this was a business and not everyone treats their chickens as pets like we do. These chickens were bred to lay eggs and to supply Sunday dinner. I doubted, I told my kids, that any of these chickens would end up painting a masterpiece or be part of a video game or be named after a New York Times bestselling author or even fall asleep in one’s lap after you have gently stroked her back.
The goal of the training is to be able to do 100 consecutive push ups without a break by the end of 6 weeks. The last time I did the training, I only made it through week 3, at which point I could knock out about 20 push ups without stopping, which was, in itself, a HUGE improvement over my previous state of not being able to do 10 modified (knee) push ups!!
Tuesday en route to Siem Reap (Angkor Wat): Pastor Ivanildo offered people some dried cranberries as he does every time that we're on the bus. As he poured some cranberries into my hand, a red bug started crawling out from among the cranberries and up my arm. A red bug! REALLY?! Had it not crawled up my arm when it did, it would've gone straight into my mouth with the cranberries! In a fit of panic, I squealed like a little girl, and the cranberries and bug went flying out of my hands. Pastor Ivanildo reminded me that people eat those bugs in Cambodia. Yes, but ALIVE?! Unfortunately for everyone else, the reaction was too quick to capture on film. I, for one, am grateful!
1 protecting
Well now that Halloween has passed you know what that means, Thanksgiving barely gets a mention and we are straight on to Christmas. So that means I better get started now or I will be so behind I will never be ready in time.
Name, Est., & Numbers: Lyrical Letters
Never shown picture of Collin Finnerty: why? Didn't resemble any of the descriptions.
I climbed into A--'s pickup truck and we drove out in the fall light to the secretary's former residence where A-- was to help her remove some possessions before her ex returned. Hendrie held a loaded shotgun as he guarded the driveway against demons. And when we had spirited the marital artifacts into the pickup, Hendrie put the shotgun into his Honda, and I climbed in for a drive to the tavern. A-- went his own way, having squired the last of Helen's finery to his personal Troy.
I had risen early, feeling sick that day. I looked out on that perfect, pristine morning sky and decided to enjoy the luxury of unemployment--being able to sleep in until my head stopped spinning. Tom had left earlier to head to DC for a conference with the military computer buyers. He was only miles from the Pentagon.
Now here we are, about two and a half years later, and we have since gone to a Crossfit Level 1 certification together; I have been coaching a Crossfit class up here in AK three mornings a week since October; and she and her fiancee (an amazing guy she met through Crossfit, of course) are heading to San Diego this weekend for a Crossfit Kids certification. Did I mention that they opened their own Crossfit box last October, too?
No planning. God's got it all under control. You are just supposed to sit back and enjoy the ride. That means no working out protests, no putting together TV shows, no lobbying the government to stop teachers spreading evil lies about fictitious dinosaurs.
I'll be popping back to mention May's Word Soup and the Edge Hill Prize ceremony, but for the most part it's going to be pretty quiet around here.
Headed back home, my ride rumbled,
He was a guy I first met in a mental institution. He was singing Pink Floyd songs in isolation as I walked in. I started singing with him. We soon made friends.
The verse I was singing in my head about an hour ago: “My chicks are bigger than your chicks, they’ve got more scratch than a dance club DJ, sing it.” I give you Mclusky, “To Hell with Good Intentions.”
When I was really young, my mom made me get a boy cut hairdo, and I hated it. I thought I looked like a drag queen in a kid’s dress. I vowed to never have short hair. Whenever I would go to the parlor, I would tell the hair cutter to just cut one inch and that was it. I got over the fear of short hair when my friend, Trina, cut her hair short, but it wasn’t a boy cut. I liked her hair, so I cut my hair the same way.
Anyway onto a card that I whipped up this morning. I am a bit low on male boy cards in my stock so thought I ought to remedy that.
The much hyped saviour of PS3 has been in the works for half a decade and the final game has finally emerged – not blinking into the light like a newborn baby but bursting out armed with a pump action shotgun struggling to fight off the weight of expectation.
Delphine, e-mail me at the address on the right side bar and I will send you the beautiful Lily image by Michelle Perkett.
I’m not usually one for complaining, but this is just a huge annoyance that I could have done without since I have only just launched. I have unfortunately had to increase postage prices to combat this. In addition to this, I have had to restrict what i am able to send outside of the UK:
I would also like to give you my heartfelt thanks, having spent long hours (ok, minutes) conversing with various acquaintances about the possible purposes of the 'fat lamppost' I'd passed. On the night I saw your presence on twitter I was all set out to go out and stick a post-it note on aforesaid pipe reading "please, what is this for?" before you enlightened me.
A plate of canelés were handed around and I admit I didn't believe it at first when I told they were made by Mr Egg. Canelés are one of my favourite treats, custardy baked pastries with a dark and chewy caramelised crust. The mixture is made from milk, flour, sugar, rum and vanilla.
The only thing that would have made drinking this beer more enjoyable would have been consuming it at the brewery, enjoying a plate of farm-to-the-table plate cuisine with old friends and a perhaps few new ones. So do yourself a favor, go down to your local farmers market, pick up some in-produce, call up some friends, and pick up a bottle or two of this beer from your local craft beer vendor. Cook, open, and enjoy.
I’ve always heard about the end-of-day sale that most bakeshops and some food court/arcade shops do when it’s nearing the mall’s closing time, but I’ve never really taken advantage of it until recently.
I stepped in and tried to be the arbiter, but, to no avail. Because the girls were kicking such serious ass, we had to change the rules to appease the male-folk lol. Even if I think this is our last game of Charades, I'm sure we'll come up with new and better ways to instigate genitalia-rivalry.
I don’t know if this should be called a blue moon or not. All I know is that it was beautiful.
4/365
The way I figured it, even though the hours were long, and the commitment would prevent me from pursuing real acting gigs, it was wise to put things on hold for a few months and just concentrate on setting aside some money. As long as they were willing to work around the corporate picnics that I had already scheduled for the season, which this guy said they were, it would be a great chance to make some cash while becoming a better stilt performer.
Cuttlebug cut and emboss 3" die & embossing folder "SNOW FUN"- 7.00 BRAND NEW
I didn't sleep that night. I laid awake thinking of Marge and that needle and the little prick of blood it had induced. I wondered if Marge had killed me and if the disease was in my body. I imagined pink and blue things swirling about in my blood, attaching to things and duplicating themselves. I thought of those terrifying adverts from the mid 80's that was my generations equivalent to the thought of nuclear warfare. At gone 3am I was up and in a real state. At that lowly hour I called my good friend Verity and sobbed down a phoneline what had happened. Verity, a one time nurse, couldn't do much right then but arranged to come and meet me in the morning. Until then not even huge amounts of smack could calm me – my mind couldn't be subdued on this one. Me, a severe hypochondriac at the best of times. Even when healthy I was convinced I was dying of cancer, and now I'd been given good reason to believe I was really dying. Well, that was too good an opportunity for my body to turn down. And so it panicked away... all night fucking long.
The shit hit the fan. Big time. My boss started to yell at me at the top of his lungs that how could I do such thing, how could I not believe in our client and buy a mobile phone from somewhere else... I barely remember what happened next, because when I get really angry I do the hulk thing and forget what I say, all I can remember is saying, at sort of the top of MY lungs (I didn't have any problems screaming back): well, OUR client does not make any affordable plans for a person like ME who earns ALMOST NOTHING!
Just popping in once again to say hello. We are still unplugged, and still loving it. In fact, I completely dropped Facebook - even the small, intimate account I had set up for family & local friends. I never thought I'd be able to do that, but I did - yay me!
Being tired... really tired is worth having that little boy in our arms... watching him smile, hearing him giggle and watching him learn... we love every minute of it!
anyways because of the trailer, this game has officially landed on my to buy list when it releases in September...i mean anything that has that dramatic of a preview can't be horrible bad...right????
all the way to Egypt."
While I was working on the project, the UPS man came and delivered a package I had been waiting on from the Container Store. It was my new wall file!
While you moved and marched at your own special pace,
But that shouldn't be such a big deal for anyone, because in most real-life situations, it is all right if you don't know all the answers, or even any of the answers. I would even say that you can hope for better results if you can quickly admit that you do not know the answer to a specific question, or the best solution to a problem. Because the best things to know are when you need help and where to go for help. And then you go there. And you ask for help. You are not alone and you don't have to figure things out on your own. Unless you are in school taking a test. Then you're on your own, sorry. You shouldn't even be reading this.
Son: Why would it have a stick?
Same thing happened with computer games.
Another snowy day here in Massachusetts. I feel like January has been one gigantic blur of a snowstorm.
Penna and David have been dating for almost a year before David has to go away to Iraq. As Penna tries to not fall to pieces, she's now faced with what seems like a giant void. The long summer days stretch out before her to what seems like eternity, and nothing feels like it has any meaning with David gone. But slowly, Penna starts to pick up the pieces of her life again, and she takes heart in making new friends and soldiering on as best she can-- no matter what life throws at her.
So after some online shopping, I found my desk. $39.99 at Walmart. It was available in my local store, so I went right away to pick it up.
My motto is, leave me alone
And finally, in response to my discussion of the fairy tale trope in last week’s post, Katherine Langrish came to the defense of fairy tales: I'd just like to add that the fairytales most often cited in these comments - Snow White, Sleeping Beauty, with their obviously passive heroines, are not necessarily at all typical of fairytales in general, many of which have extremely vigorous and adventurous heroines: Molly Whuppie, the Master-Maid, Lady Mary and the heroine of 'Fitcher's Bird', both of whom see off the Bluebeard figures in their respective tales, and the intrepid heroine of 'East of the Sun, West of the Moon' who rescues the Prince. The fact that our best known fairytales are those with passive heroines is not a reflection upon fairytale as a genre, but upon anthology choices and rewritings made - often - in the early 20th century and perpetuated ever since.I’m so glad she brought this up, first because I’d be insane to totally write off fairy tales as a genre, and as an absolutely vital part of the history of storytelling, and secondly because it brings up a ridiculously important point that I’ve only be tangentially addressing in my posts. That point is that the stories we choose to share, versus those we choose to silence or at least omit from our discussions, go a long way in reflecting or shaping the culture that we get to live in. The choice of which stories to anthologize—made again and again favoring stories with passive female protagonists—tells us a lot about the subconscious agenda of those making the choices. The choice to anthologize or retell the story of Snow White rather than the story of Molly Whuppie (much like the choice to illustrate the deal-girl scene of a book rather than any other) both reflects and shapes the culture to which it is told. And it’s a culture in which the stories of adventurous heroines aren’t told that allows passivity in women to be idealized in the first place.
In other pointlessness I finally tracked down a cartoon movie I watched as a child that had a huge influence on the movies I make today, I had to find it via google images as all I could remember of the film was the unique ship they flew around in lol! here’s the trailer
Book case: Edwardian
GM: How is it that commonsense can’t prevail? There needs to be a proper permit system.
This time round we are going to do something we haven't done before here at Delicious Doodles, and that is:
I had decided to stick with my typical way of storing magazine articles and clippings. Hey, if it works, no shame in reusing ideas over and over. Into a binder the recipes would go!
and the Blacks, Mexicans
Estoppel is based on the reasonable reliance of the accused on the patentee's action. For example, the infringer considers the case closed and makes further investments into the ongoing business.
Easter is approaching! My first thought is yay….hot cross buns!! Until I remember I’m deathly opposed to the sultana, my arch-enemy. I love a hot cross bun, all that soft, pillowy, spicy goodness laden with butter. But then I’ll bite into a sultana and feel my sunny world come crashing down. Why dried fruit? Whyyyy?
Cage
“Of course I know how to do this! It’s a piece of cake!”
I had no idea if my dad was able to understand me but I had told him when I arrived that I would make sure that his wishes were followed. After I had informed the rest of our family of our decision I had a few moments alone with my dad. And as I explained what was going to happen I started crying. My dad looked at me and his eyes filled with tears. Some part of his brain was upset that I was crying.
It was a big success.
That's nearly 8 years of our lives we have been separated. He has missed 8 years of our children's lives. Not counting innumerable days underway for work-ups, inspections, trials, joint exercises, geo baching it for schools...so it's probably more like 10-12 years gone. He'll be gone 9 months of this year alone.
My wedding lace impression tag:
The Maccabees (Photo credit: louise lynn)
Somehow because the woman chose to stay home, it also became her JOB to take care of the entire house.
Throughout the Old Testament, God communicates through ordinary people, such as Moses, Abraham, and Noah. or through prophets, such as Isaiah and Jeremiah. God didn’t send warm fuzzy 140- character Twitter-style messages, but used the voice of others to tell his people to “shape up or ship out,” or to give hints of the good life to come through the promised Messiah.
Judge Reinhold – Brad Hamilton
Rejoicing should manifest itself in the way i live my life. With gentleness, not worry and anxiousness. With a peace that surpasses the situation and limited understanding. With a grace that extends itself to others instead of unleashing our burdens and anxiety on those around us.
"In a progressive country change is constant; and the great question is not whether you should resist change which is inevitable, but whether that change should be carried out in deference to the manners, the customs, the laws and the traditions of a people, or whether it should be carried out in deference to abstract principles, and arbitrary and general doctrines".
At some point in time old folks don't want to be "messed with" any longer. Despite our medical advances our own physical evolution has not kept up.
you? From financial ruin? From a collapsed career? From a fractured marriage? From
In ‘Kiss’, we also have our couple positioned in front of a closed window with open curtains. Brilliant, Munch. Thank you. This indicates to me the external world, the daily affairs that occupy so much of our time that could be better spent kissing. Kissing, the subjects are oblivious to that which is external. Sooner or later they may have to put clothes back on, and maybe she will have to make a sales pitch while he teaches nine year olds their times tables, but for now they have put the world on hold and each exists only for the another. They are escaping. In a dream, they could stay in their hostel room for an eternity, wrapped up in bodies, secure, complete. The kissing will inevitably end, but for this relatively infinitesimal time, it may as well go on forever. The world can wait. In this sense, the kiss is an allegory for every social transaction. Everything is transient, everything fades, but everything is worth experiencing nonetheless. No kiss goes on forever, nor does any ‘Chameleon’ jam, nor any relationship unchanged, but a kiss is, if not beautiful, unique, and can last forever in memory.
To reach more people appropriately, in context, over time – than dishing out freebies to the Pinterati and patting ourselves on our massive corporate backs when they all spew predictably about their free gear, one might try:
Transitioning to something new means something must be wrong with the old. Some people try to fight change that’s why they wear shorts when it’s cold. Not trying to believe that change has come.
so without further ado here's what we got up to :
We leave for Telluride, CO., the very next day for our guncle Seth's retirement party. Back to Austin for a few weeks of camp, then off to France on June 30th. Still to do: passports, arranging apartment stay, writing my curriculum for my course that I am teaching on Fashion & Design, moving Ecole to its new location and last but not least: getting everything ready to finish the book in Paris!
Wash the rice till water runs clear and then soak in warm water for a while (optional)
In the Freemans space, Sherry mutes the eye-popping color by applying a layer of fine sand to the surface of the photographs, making the lumpy rock formations more delicate and tactile. His tints move closer to pastels, and in some cases, the sand obscures the detail in the photographs to the point where the works become extremely subtle, striated gradients. This abstraction is taken one step further in a series of colored photograms, where the angles and shapes of the rock walls are used as inspiration for simple layered patterns, once again executed in a spectrum of undiluted radiance.
He was rich, full-bodied, red-blooded, and I couldn't wait to ravish him. I raised my glass and gave a slow wink and an even slower smile to show my interest. A flirt by nature, I had forgotten how fun it was to flutter my eyelashes and use my feminine wiles.
The “do-what-I-feel” method is good because marathon training doesn’t have to consume your life — just a large portion of it. However, it does have its negative points because at times one does not take training as seriously as she should.
Not forget – forget is the wrong word,
“I don’t want somebody else. I don’t want somebody who I love to go there and get arrested,” she said.
If the yellow one looks good on you, your skin as a yellow undertone, conversely a pink undertone. If you look good in the same way with both of them, you have a perfectly neutral undertone.
Five hours after McCall was attacked, three people at 634 16th St. were threatened by a man with a handgun and assaulted, police said. Officers arrested four suspects. Police Arrest 7 In New Wave Of Downtown Attacks
Let's talk fitness.
Well.... I was trying hard, but some of you know that I just LOVE ODBD's Scripture Collections and Scripture Series stamps, so I just had to use a few more, not all of the stamps in the sets, but at least one, so please bear with me, alright?
In medicine and body language alike, the area around the eye is referred to as the orbit, or, if you’re referring to both eyes, the orbits. The muscle that controls facial expressions of emotion around the eye is called the orbicularis oculi (I’ve heard it pronounced every which way, but the most common is simply ‘or-bick-you-lare-is oke-you-lie’).
1 pregnancies
(c) does “author’s own intellectual creation” require more than significant labour and skill from the author, if so what?
Indeed time flies. I could hardly believe that so many things that happened are already a year old. The venture/social experiment with the three regular MDs was already a year ago. So much has happened since. But are we really all that smarter and better off than now than a year ago? I’d like to think so. Of course everything is a work in progress so naturally there would be times when things don’t seem to be going well. That’s just how life goes.
Anyway, onto the first project of the week (my goal is two projects this week but we'll see how it goes).
They hate it so much, they do not even want to use the word "sex" - that is why they say "gender".
Stamps - The Stamps Of Life Mums2stamp
Although some of the novels Sendak illustrated are still very collectable, such as MRS. PIGGLE'S FARM by Betty MacDonald:
"Me too. She has a wicked mother, like Maleficent."
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Line a large baking sheet with parchment paper, a silpat liner or aluminum foil.
In his suit, Mohd Razali Abdullah, 49, claimed that Ooi had slandered him repeatedly and caused defamatory statements to be published by newspapers, websites and news portals in 2009 when he was a municipal councillor, and some of the defamatory words were repeated in newspapers in January 2010.
It does get a little long in the last act, but considering this was meant to be seen over two nights, it’s pretty interesting. I wouldn’t recommend it for anyone under 12 due to it being fairly long and verbal. Everyone else may find it of slight interest, especially if you’re a Classical music lover.
co-operation for your children and reward
On that note...
Oh, and the last shows news item comes back to haunt us, as a listener kindly (?!) sends in a taste test treat! Piley's newsround gets the last minute 'switcheroo' treatment, as a listener supplies a better story than the one I had lined up! But you'll have to download it to find out what it was...
Do not parade merely private matters before a public or mixed assembly or to acquaintances. If strangers really wish to become informed about you or your affairs, they will find the means to gratify their curiosity without your advising them gratuitously. Besides, personal and family affairs, no matter how interesting they may be to the parties immediately concerned, are generally of little moment to outsiders. Still less will the well-bred person inquire into or narrate the private affairs of any other family or individual."
At a mentor training session I attended a couple of weeks ago, I was surrounded by successful black men, some were fathers, others were not, they were all well educated – some had post graduate degrees and all that. In fact, most of them were actually really good looking (not that good looks is a requirement – but hey, as they say, shine your eyes)
This particular time, I was picking up dog hair tumbleweeds in the den, while Sam was watching Ellen Degeneres interview the twelve year old youtube sensation Greyson Chance. Before I knew it, I was all afluffle and Sam was doing his nervous laugh that means WHAT DO I DO NOW MY MOM HAS LOST HER MARBLES.
Hearing Test?
My cold delightful mate called rage
I START: many books (Sorry, Bookhart, that was the best answer! And I couldn't top it! Gaaah!)
'So bust him,' says the Chief.
and that's exactly what I did here using Honeydew & Charcoal twines.
19. Hide & Rosanna - Midnight Bossa Nova
The bar is open every weekday for lunch, offering a mix of sandwiches and salads. It's not until later that I realise there's no kitchen on the premises. "We cook everything off-site at a property about 150 metres away. Then we move everything here." The whole menu has been designed to eat at room temperature or prepared with the only heat source available - a salamander.
green beans, a cloud of hot summer dust
Everyone, say hello to Ragnarok, a manhwa by Myung-Jin Lee! The man in the picture is the main character for this story and his name is Chaos. He is a very strong warrior who lacks memories of the past two years. As you probably guessed, Ragnarok follows Chaos’ journey as his past is slowly revealed and as he goes along he picks up his own merry band of friends. In a very brief plot summary like this one, Ragnarok really doesn’t seem to be anything special, but it is.
After inheriting her Aunt's apartment, Diana, well, first she makes out with her cousin Marco, but after she's finished doing that, she checks out her new digs. This is when All Ladies Do It really starts to break out of its shell and become the erotic classic we all know and love. You wouldn't think this would be the case–you know, since it simply features an attractive Italian woman poking around her dead Aunt's apartment. But you haven't lived until you have watched Claudia Koll try on hats and light cigarettes in an apartment that is bathed in Venetian moonlight. Resembling a stylish film noir at times (the luminous Koll looked like a femme fatal in her red gloves and wide-brim hat), Diana puts on her Aunt's fur and heads over the Alphonse's place for a quick booty call. Hoping to lose her anal virginity, Diana heads up to his "bum room," a veritable shrine to the female posterior (there are literally butts everywhere), and prepares her rump to be violated. Telling her that every ass is different, Alphonse shows her pictures of asses that are timid, brave, happy, stupid, clever, and intelligent, and then sticks his penis inside her headstrong, willful, and disobedient poop chute.
*I am praying the Minis manage to smile, not fight, shed no tears, don't have a constant stream of nasal drainage, and manage to keep their clothes clean.
Action is also another way to force movement in design. Below I provide some photos of rooms that show all of these elements. See if you agree that there is movement in these spaces.
Buy Cottonelle, 12 pk between 7/8-7/31
I: Now in terms of . . .
To get started you will need:
Most people have a salary or a set income. I however do not. I can’t just budget a set amount each month under my income and then “walk away” only looking at my expenses each month. Because my income fluctuates from month to month just like my expenses, I have to look back at this part of my budget as well. Aside from my paycheck fluctuating, I have many other forms of income causing it to fluctuate as well. Even if you are a salaried employee and your paycheck is the same each month, don’t forget to factor in other items you could consider as income.
As soon as they saw the Bible I faithfully carried with me everywhere, the conversation was over before it ever began. So I put my Bible away for a while and began to listen.
Ok enough about the teary-eyed part and on to the food!
Nothing lasts
Once Paul knew that God meant business he never faltered. To do so would have been disobedience and sin.
- Add dry ingredients slowly and beat slowly until well incorporated...cookie dough will be soft
Still full from the fried artichoke and potato chips from Johnny Garlic's, I was set on taking a looong dinner, so I could pace myself.
Installation of was suspended (administration).
We are sticking with Ben Stiller as we head over to Starsky and Hutch, the 2004 spoof of the ultra cool cop show from the ’70’s. by way of confession, I do not believe I have seen n episode of the show in over twenty years. I vaguely remember an plot with Starsky being kidnapped by a Satanic cult, but that only because a Bob Jones rubberstamped teacher of mine back in elementary school once used it as an example of how popular culture glorified Satan. As if we were rooting for Satan over Starsky. As a direct spoof, much of the movie is lost on me. I am not familiar with the show and have to appreciate the movie on its own merits.
Boxes and boxes and boxes. All saying the same thing. "All cards 25 cents!"
for changing my life
After importing the .png, .txt (.fnt) and .txt (JSON) files into an empty Unity scene and setting it up correctly, I got no errors in the Console and no fonts on screen (link to .unitypackage of this project).
Layer 3: Spiral Stitch
1974: Gene Tenace (DNP)
He'd skeedaddled when he knew that Serge would be making a move and that I was too drunk to be able to resist.
which could be said in any words she knows
I do love to write. In my heart, I know that this is God’s purpose for my life, but I don’t alway feel like writing. Not just because it’s difficult–if that were the only reason, I would have given up long ago–but because I fear my efforts are wasted. What if I finish this novel only to find that agents, editors, publishers, and readers want nothing to do with it?
Mallery is best-known for her numerous contemporary romances, and while both Michelle and Carly are looking for new loves, their friendship and the relationship between mothers-and-daughters is center-stage. It’s often heavy-duty stuff, but Mallery’s not heavy-handed as she mixes trust and betrayal, heartbreak and humor. I’m looking forward to the next entry in the promised series.
3 T. melted Earth Balance (margarine)
1/2 to 3/4 tspn of saffron
ah-choo
And so far it has been fine. Except that I FORGOT to make the hat!! She started chemo in July, so she probably hasn't really started losing her hair yet... but I wanted her to have it beforehand. So now I'm RACING to get this hat finished and sent to The V-ster before she starts losing her hair. I was thinking about making one for my friend, also... because once her mom starts losing her hair, she's shaving her head. I like my hair too much (and Gzilla would kill me...haha) so instead I'm showing my support by making hats.
With the mixer still on low, pour the liquid ingredients over the mixture and mix for five seconds then add the chocolate chips and mix until the dough almost comes together; it may be sticky.
I love to experience other family's traditions!
But the nicest thing of all happened at the end. I knew some kids had had a problem with their bus, and would be late (they crept in so quietly I hardly noticed). So after the signing I sat and talked to them for a bit (they all asked mega-intelligent questions). There was one boy at the back who was anxious to know whether I'd got the Fates and the Furies in my books--and whether I'd got in 'the bit about the copper tower.' I recognised a child who knew his stuff on Greek myths--and I can't tell you what a thrill it gave me to know that the tales of long ago which I love so much can still light an answering passionate flame in a twenty-first century child.
I spent like three weeks on it. A lot of the hard part was mixing the correct paints and then painting multiple layers. I used Bristol board and acrylic paint. I think Acrylic is short for: “Needs multiples layers so it will not appear streaky!” My magenta has like 20 layers and I am not even joking. I made friends with my long lost friend the hair dryer so it proved to be worthwhile again it defiantly helped speed up the drying process.
Before we get to the challenge - here's something really cool....
Sprinkle cheese mixture on a parbaked pizza crust. Top with sauteed broccoli rabe and scatter with oil cured black olives. Finish with a couple grinds of black pepper. Slide under the broiler for 5 minutes until the crust gets good color, moving around in the oven as needed.
She has several workshops in Taos, New Mexico at the Mabel Dodge Luhan House, others in Santa Fe, New Mexico, and one at the Kripalu Center for Yoga and Health in Massachusetts. All have beautiful, lush scenery, quiet and relaxing writing areas, and cozy rooms. Perfect for relaxing and taking in the fresh air.
And thank God I did. It's been tough, but I now blog for three separate companies on a weekly basis, and write for 3 different statewide magazines. Eventually I'd love to call myself a freelance photojournalist (I'm still saving for that damn camera) and be able to document history right as it happens. In the meantime though I'm learning new skills, like how to actual promote a blog correctly and how to use backlinking and other ways of optimization to increase traffic. Plus last night I found out I type 80 words a minute. Take that, Mavis Beacon.
10/06 - Portland, OR - Hawthorne Theatre
I also had some smaller bits and pieces that cluttered my cupboards with mostly empty boxes and packaging. Not only were they not pretty, but it's also pretty darn hard to know when you're almost out of corstarch when it's hiding in the back of your cupboard inside a solid cardboard box. I thought a better slution would be tupperware (ok not Tupperware, but to go containers not made by the Tupperware corporation but still called tupperware by most of the population), but didn't want the blue lidded variety that just scream disposable! At the same dollar store, I scored 10 clear plastic stackable lunch containers for $2. Yup. They were perfect and just what I had in mind! Granted, they aren't super dee duper leak proof so I would never actually use these for storing leftovers in the firdge, but for what I needed them for, perfecto!
I am slowly dying…
Five days after the president bid an emotional farewell to throngs of cheering supporters in Caracas, there was no official comment on his health. One senior government source told a Reuters reporter to be patient.
Should men help out around the house or should they absorb some responsibility. Zig Ziglar thinks “…there is a significant difference in taking responsibility and offering to help”.
Although the lion turned out pretty well too.
These pages on TechNet do not require Silverlight:
Chris Whitley
Sometimes Justice kicks the door
I like all kinds of salsas, whether they are raw, cooked, fruit-based or tomatillo. Of course the fresher the ingredients, the better. But my all time favorite salsa is a cooked salsa. Whether for nostalgic reasons or for the fact that cooked salsas are, in fact, complex 'sauces', they are my favorite. Although I've tinkered with my dad's recipe, adding different ingredients and modifying the cooking technique, I rarely stray from my favorite ingredients: tomatoes, green chiles (anaheim most often), green onions, and cilantro. Even without jalapeños, you can make a great salsa with just those ingredients.
I will, in the future, attempt to refrain from posting a bunch of weepy shite that makes all you men out there go "Jesus, her Aunt Flo's visiting," and the women say "Fuck me, is there no chocolate in her house? My mother-in-law is not that whiny!" As a side note, the painters were not in, but that's beside the point.
We should also pray that their executioners may come to repentance.
This 43 year old Irish Italian girl in my opinion has what it takes to make her man proud of her. (not that she looks 43, I would have guessed her in her mid 30's)
I decided to try and keep my card as CAS as possible in honor of Gayatri's style. Made the background masking off the area using post-its and then distress inked it.
Sore nipples
the words,
I'm worried. A lot. Especially since its attached to a major vein in the heart. It's so scary. I love my dad so much and the fact he's going through this tears me up. The fact he can die with this surgery (as anyone can in any surgery but this is pretty risky) makes me sick to my stomach. I'm scared but I'm praying. I know God has a plan for all of us and I just want...no...need more time with him and I'm praying God allows that.
In cases of bees or a bolt from the blue,
‘He didn’t remember…’
He's never seen anything like it. A conservative environment, mild-mannered suits minding their own business and now all Hell's broken loose as two more begin to convulse. The paramedics are beside themselves and ill equipped. One has the wherewithal to clear the floor.
In the case of someone designing, for example, crafts (e.g., cakes, sweaters, gift cards), someone takes the image and uses it for their own to draw web traffic. The image is no longer linked to the person who created it.
A few weeks ago, I saw an inquiry about a potato whiskey being made by a Colorado microdistillery. I assumed that the person asking the question was just using the term "whiskey" as shorthand because there could not legally be a potato whiskey.
Tolley would only lead Elon for five seasons; he had already decided that he did not want to coach past the age of 40. In his final two years, Elon would win consecutive NAIA national championships. Tolley’s career record as a head coach: 49-11-2.
Which Cycle
Live a life for Him, put Him first in your life and everything else will come. Try to eliminate distractions from your life that may deter His plan for YOU. You’ll quickly realize, the joy you’ve been getting from the temporary successes is only a fraction of joy you’ll experience, compared to living a life for Him, where you can begin to have ever-lasting successes.
We're talking the CMV, and we're talking the Polyoma.
Angel Burn by L. A. Weatherly
Initially it was the outer horror of the abduction that hit me. What can be more terrifying than realizing that you’re trapped somewhere with a stranger? You don’t yet know his motives, and you don’t want to guess at them because that would paralyze you. But you’re not alone. You’re best friend is with you – only he either doesn’t want to see the danger, or is still in denial.
“Get out of my way.” He almost did not recognize his own voice. It was a deep, raspy growl. “The Wall’s” eyes widened, but he did not back down.
Ashlyn is a rock star! No drugs and a fierce determination to stick to her birth plan
The strange thing about working as a bike messenger is that you don't spend lots of time on your bike. Time is spent in elevators, waiting, moving, signing, dodging, but mostly thinking. In fact you have a surprising amount of time to think about your life and the world around you. It's like a mashup between an exercise routine, unemployment and social security. Low pay, no benefits, all the time in the world to think, but you get to go as fast as you want.
As I said, I am recently discovered, so I’m still learning and haven’t tried any traditional “gluten-free” cookbooks, but when I find some I like I’ll make an update post. Feel free to post some of your favorites below!
“I know,” replied Tybalt. “Night is very dark indeed because there is no light, because light is made by the Sun which is notably absent after sunset.”
In the road stood a really ugly little Welsh Dresser, so forlorn and dark brown, like a small, lost, wet dog, that
One of my close friends is going through a divorce, great woman who works to prove that she doesn’t need a man to validate her existence. After many years of marriage she found out her ex husband was having an affair with another woman, this led her to find out things that really scarred her inside. This guy had it all, he made less money than she did, had her credit cards and was spoiled like few man are nowadays. It’s usually the other way around but this friend wanted her husband to have it all. Until she found out that he was buying condoms with her money. It’s sad but it’s only one of millions of similar stories I’m sure. There’s nothing like an awful split between two person’s, it stings, it hurts to see someone you loved hurt you that bad and try to explain why they have done what they’ve done.
“Marge, are you HIV positive?” I asked. He stopped, raised his head and looked me in the eye. He didn't deny it; that was his answer.
A. We’ve discussed this a lot internally and even brainstormed a few analogies. People predicted blogging services would die with the rise of Facebook. But that hasn’t happened because they’re not similar services. WordPress.com is Web publishing, not social networking. What is created on WordPress is shared via social networking.
To put those figures in further perspective, Greeks worked more hours than any other people in the European Union; only South Koreans worked more among the world’s advanced capitalist countries.
* Entry deadline is MAY 2ND
Jesus: I think I still draw the same way and sometimes, they tell me, better. Although things do not always go as you want!
With the convience of technology my kids have plenty of stuff to entertain themselves with on the iphone and ipad. I like that there are so many free apps you can download.
Holiday Wishes ... LMN ... 10 PM
Here you find an extract from Sibelius’s suite written in 1905 as incidental music for Maeterlinck’s play. It is a very tranquil and beautiful piece scored for woodwinds and pizzicato strings.
As always, Hershery's chocolate is top quality and comes in many variations to fit your wants and needs!
Table 3: Financial and Operational Metric Definitions
It is a day of hospitality. During the week, of course I get to meet other moms for informal get-togethers at the playground, but overall we are all pulled into our separate routines. Shabbat means opening our doors to others for a leisurely Shabbat meal full of laughter, noise, fellowship and sharing. It also means inviting, sometimes on the spur of the moment, neighbours whom we don't normally see during the week. It means forging connections, building a real community of friends who can count on each other in times of need.
If, for some reason, one or both parties wishes to separate the know-how licence from the patent licence, the know-how paragraphs can be pulled out and embodied in a separate agreement. In such cases the know-how agreement should stipulate the pertinent terms and conditions from the patent licence that will also apply to know-how.
Gah - 've just realised. This means I should spend my day doing maths and chemistry and physics.... Noooooo!
* Your ring-tone on your cell phone is an elk bugle
"Camaal just called me a flower."
Joining the Party:
There I go again, giving up, I can’t give up; I’ve come too close this time, I am going to get out of this.
And in a fit of stupidity I lef the church (to pick up a part time job if you will), but in my heart I had been searching for this type of community of spiritual life lived fully. The title on the building is irrelevant.
Do I stroll with earthly balance
My mom had her inadequacies, I needed someone that would fight the good fight for me. I was not more than 7yr or 9yr. I can recall the prayer..".Dear God, could Mary be my mother?" I felt a twinge in my heart almost like something to be afraid of but peaceful at the same time. "I know, see, even though some very bad things happened there have been some very good things come from it. She took care of Jesus well enough to be born and to die for our sins. My mom doesn't seem to know what to do to help me and I don't even know if she really knows what to do."
It is easier to reach those without knowledge of the scriptures, but when we encounter those with such knowledge are we really prepared? I thought I was until I began reading this book!
4. Be prepared. The new property that you buy may require renovations. In this case, ask the seller for permission to begin renovations before the full payment is made. In most cases this requires a 25% down payment.
When I was a kid, I rode horses almost every day. I actually took a bus from the Westside (Brentwood area) all the way to friggin' Northridge! I'm guessing it was about 40 miles. It took over an hour but I was able to do some of my homework on the ride.
At least half the fun of going to a party is in the anticipation: it's not just the hours spent getting ready, it's endless debate about what to wear.
Mix the first three ingredients in a small saucepan and bring just to a boil, then let simmer and thicken slightly. Taste before adding dry mustard and cayenne to see if the sweet/tart/spicy balance is to your taste; I like mine more on the tart/spicy side, which is why I started with less maple syrup. (I ended up using about 1 cup of it in the end, proportional to the other ingredients.)
WHY: Corner of Sterling Place and Nostrand Avenue in Crown Heights North
Gladiator
Pinky and I are heading down to visit my folks in Florida on Thursday, for a long weekend. I should have some kind of post up over the weekend, probably gloating about the good times, good food and good booze we’re having, and then we should be back home Tuesday night. I’ll probably post again
VG: It was, as I understand it, a collaboration between EUNIC Greece and The General Secretariat for Gender Equality, Greek Ministry of the Interior. There was a tight timescale, ony a few weeks to find writers and for the writers to produce a story. I was contacted by a colleague who works for the British Council, who knew I had published a couple of collections of shorts.
Just then, Coach Wooden would turn around and, with a glint in his eye, say ‘That’s your first lesson. You see, if there are wrinkles in your socks or your shoes aren’t tied properly, you will develop blisters. With blisters, you’ll miss practice. If you miss practice, you don’t play. And if you don’t play, we cannot win.”
The only problem with these super cute pillows are the children.
Day 25 – Something you are afraid of
1) Begin as friends within a group of likeminded individuals who share your same philosophical boundaries. By observing how well this person interacts with others and giving this potential partner a chance to do the same, you can understand exactly how sincere your targeted platonic crush is about forming a nonsexual relationship.
1 Tablespoon peanut butter
Think about one of the greatest hoaxes in human History;
I’m not stunning, nor gonna be a doctor and I’m wrong a lot but I always support my man, i’ll always listen, love you and help you grow to be the man YOU wanna be, i’m understanding and i’ll give you my last if you need it, i’m genuine – if that isn’t enough well i’m sorry.
Decode – Paramore
TIRA
He would never be free.
Even though it doesn't seem like it, I have seen all of which you have spoken, the good and the bad.
I've crossed the paths of young upstarts who thought they were the bees knees, the elite and the cool".
of a dream.
I have an EVGA NVIDIA GeForce 7600 graphics card that had some problems. Upon closer inspections I noticed three blown capacitors in addition to a non-functioning heatsink fan.
Yesterday, I almost deviated from my plan with a six mile run. Whoops. Luckily I worked late and the temptation passed. But it was a close one.
‘When we are awake we also do what we do in our dreams: we invent and make up the person with whom we associate– and immediately forget it.’ (after Buddha)
Sadako’s Rating: 3.5 stars out of 5
I have now participated in three Blog Hops and they've been so fun! It is such a wonderful way to see other like minded individuals and their creations! Plus, lots of opportunity for Blog Candy!!! Yipppeee!!!
But you haven’t messed for two nights in a row now, at mine and at your dad (you’re there for half term) which is brilliant. I think this is a classic example of me underestimating you and I’ll try learn from it.
So, if you need a good "fall" dessert recipe, here you go!
The Noyes Library is a charming one room library created to introduce the library experience to young children, ranging from babies to preschoolers. The library's books are divided into children friendly topics- such as "going to school," "sports and activities," "potty-training," etc. which help children and parents find books that best suite the child's interests and/or life stages. There are chairs and benches available for children to sit on as they read books, as well as hands-on toys available for free play. Children can enjoy playing with trains, cars, trucks and blocks on the train table, or playing with dolls and animal figures on their barn table. There are magnet boards with letters that children can use to acquaint themselves with the alphabet, and a table set aside for coloring.
Row 4: Cast on 1 stitch, knit to the end on the row.(8 stitches)
Easy Lover
Eat a salad each day + no creamy dressings. (We buy a huge container of organic mixed greens at Costco every other week and eat salads quite a bit already throughout the week. This should, hopefully, be an easy goal for me to hit even with my busy schedule right now.)
Her 2 "chores" are to put her clothes in the dirty clothes and to put her shoes in her shoe drawer when we get home. She LOVES doing these two things and is so proud of herself afterwards.
I would surely love to see you at a session soon!
"I am not going to grant or dismiss the summons," said district judge Bruce Morgan, sitting at Redditch Magistrates' Court.
One thing that does not carry over well in an English translation (and I’m quite sure we had a difficult time keeping it as well) is that Sasaki acts differently than what a girl is supposed to in Japanese society. Her use of the first person pronoun “boku” (and not in a cutesy way) challenges her status as a woman in that culture. We don’t see her chatter about the normal “girlish” things, nor do we see her speak much with her own gender. The only scene where she’s only with girls is when Kyon meets her at the station for the second time, and that’s with Kuyou and Kyouko Tachibana, two members of the Fake SOS-Brigade. I hope we get to see how she interacts at the class reunion.
“He was so good I got him to turn professional at 16 and got him a fight in South Africa with Frank Warren on a World Title bill. But he was nothing but trouble. Naseem Hamed hated him. I had to pull them apart once at the club. I tried to help him but I don’t win them all. It’s so sad.”
What do you do when you find yourself in that predicament?
The funeral was held two days later at the temple near my house. When you arrive at a funeral, the first thing you do is sign in at Reception. Then you hand over your condolence money. Depending on your relation to the deceased, or the relation of the person you know to the deceased (example, when I went to a teacher's fathe's funeral, the relation would have been father) the amount in the envelope increases. I believe the highest is around $500 US.
4. Mahoromatic: Automatic Maiden
This is love. This is peace. This is where I come when I am lost so that I can be found. This is why I come back to my yoga mat time and time again. Come dance with me.
The first two are pretty self-explanatory, yes? As for New Year's Resolutions, I've always figured if there's something you want to do, just do it. Be here now, right?
I dive into midnight
And if you’re a progressive that cares about investments in Head Start and student loan programs and medical research and infrastructure, we’re not going to be able to make progress on those areas if we haven’t gotten our fiscal house in order.
3. Love, a delightsome tickling. Indefinable etc.
The recipe made about 40 cookies, but they weren't all the same size. I made some of them bigger and some of them smaller. The small ones were definitely cuter, or sexier, as my mother puts it. They WERE cuter, because they are all gone. They didn't even last for 12 hours. They were so delicious that we ate almost a half of them before lunch. So I made another batch today, and it made 110 cookies. I covered some of them in sugar, some of them in a mixture of cinnamon and sugar, and some in nonpareils.
Anyway, with the exception of the Anex channel. (which to me was a complete waste of my time and effort) I have made all songs previously public and then private; public again. I don't believe you will see me on "America's Most Wanted" or "Dog The Bounty Hunter". If I end up on "Judge Judy", I will ask her why she yells at black people more than white people.
Est. FG: 1.013 SG
I think what happened here is that as part of the Dodd-Frank bill (you know, the one that solves all our financial problems) the ability to trade gold on the Forex market was “eliminated.” I’m guessing that has to do with the leverage, so it appears that my broker still allows trading of the metal, but it’s essentially at full value. Without having done additional research, I’m surmising that this gets around Dodd-Frank, but also pretty much means that it removes a lot of the incentive to trade Gold.
La croisade des enfants: ‘The Goliard’s Narrative’, ‘The Leper’s Narrative’, ‘The Narrative of Pope Innocent III’, ‘Narrative of Three Little Children’, ‘Narrative of François Longuejoue, Clerk’, ‘The Kalandar’s Narrative’, ‘Little Allys’ Narrative’, ‘The Narrative of Pope Gregory IX’.
Personally speaking I cannot wait to experience the new product (as the current 360 seat preview isn’t active at time of post), sipping a champagne off the new cocktail table, and hope that the comfort and quality actually lives up to what the first images actually portrait. Well done Virgin, it seems, you’ve done it yet again!
But you've forgotten the barriers that have already come down. The testimonies you once raved about and how good God has been on the journey.
Many never reach spiritual maturity because they don’t realize there’s something to reach for beyond the salvation experience. Christ is our example of obedience and maturity. He knew His purpose—to do the will of His Father. He knew why He was “sent” to earth, and why He was born of a woman. He also understood that His time on earth would be limited. Since Jesus came with His purpose already set before Him, He understood the importance of time management, setting priorities (what He was called to do, and what He was not), spending time with His Father for strength and encouragement, and how to make disciples.
Anne Frank has inspired young writers all around the world for decades with her elegant prose, her courage and her integrity. And now Miep has gone from us too, our big sister, our protector, our witness. On the anniversary each year of the arrest by the Nazis, Miep sat at home in silence as a memorial to the group from the Annexe. "Not a day goes by that I do not grieve for them, " she wrote. And now we must grieve for Miep.
Him: "Mis-looked?"
FACT SIX: Coffee is my favourite hot beverage. No, tea is. No coffee. No, tea. I think I like coffee and tea equally.
It was an interesting experience, both emotionally and technically, as I had my first taste of a dressing room and backstage area in which to feel nervous...Thankfully, nerves only lasted about 60 seconds into my routine (which manifested as my feet shaking, something my partner could unfortunately see from where he was sitting) and then I actually rather enjoyed myself.
6 desk
This will stop new turbines from being built, and, over time, cause all of the existing ones to shut down. Second, we allow the free market to replace the electricity obtained by wind energy with power produced by burning cheap natural gas. Third, we hire 17,500 unemployed veterans at $100,000/year each, and put them to work as snipers to kill the 400,000 birds (including 70 golden eagles) that are now hacked to death by wind turbines each year. Voila, the same results as wind power, and a savings of $1.75 billion/year for the taxpayers. Clearly, the devotion to wind power is not due to the fact that it's a lucrative investment. It's a Western fallacy that is the fiscal equivalent of selling your home to buy a much less efficient one for twice the price. And beyond being economically wasteful, global events have proven this fallacy to actually be deadly.
The current standings are shown below:
then men...I think its hilarious!"
And for those of you wondering, Loser Ninja made me pink heart shaped pancakes before I went to work today, and is planning to make me a steak dinner while we watch The Princess Bride.
And a special code for Dad-
Wine/cocktail and cupcake pairings
My first reaction was -- Piece of cake! I could do that. But let's break this down a little to see if I am being realistic.
The confusion I was feeling helped someone else clarify their own storm clouds.
Murrine (common pluralization murrini) is an Italian term for colored patterns or images made in a glass cane (long rods of glass) that are revealed when cut in cross-sections. Murrine can be made in infinite designs—some styles are more familiar, such as millefiore. Artists working in glass design murrine in a variety of ways from simple circular or square patterns to complex detailed designs to even portraits of people. Murrine are designed by layering different colors of molten glass around a core, then heating and stretching it into a rod. When cool, the rod is sliced into cross-sections of desired thickness with each slice possessing the same pattern in cross-section.
France gets thrown through a plate glass window, but gets back up and carries on fighting. Russia gets thrown through another one, gets knocked out, suffers brain damage, and wakes up with a complete personality change.
And because good things should not be kept secret, I'm sharing the recipe with all of you ...enjoy!
They really are funny little things. The plumage on a cock pheasant is stunning, and stationary it looks almost elegant with long slim tail feathers, a proud face and the spectacular shimmering mallard-green and holly-red head, subtly speckled and smoky feathers on the body. But then they start to move, and the show begins. Strutting around with his chest puffed up, the cock pheasant assumes a comically arrogant persona: a rich portly gentleman of class, red face from years of overindulgence and cigars simply because he can; one thumb hooked into the pocket of a silk waistcoat, gold buttons straining, as he consults his shiny pocket watch pretentiously, rising onto his tip toes in that sort of way as he proclaims something supposedly insightful, concluded with ‘… don’t you know old boy’. Tail thrust out proudly behind him, our Mr Pheasant –sorry, Sir Pheasant, swaggers about as if he owns the land and terribly kindly lets the poor farmer work it. And yet, for all his apparent pride, if you walk or better yet drive towards him, the two scrawny little legs that support his rotund body start spinning round in circles like a Loony Toons character. Both scared and hilariously indignant, huffing and puffing he scuttles away.
With that in mind, my journals have evolved through blogging. For the better, mostly, because I am bringing more thought into my entries; I used to just dump all of my emotions on the pages of my diaries. How many times can the last thing I write to myself at night be, “I wish I would not wake up in the morning.” (Remember, my blog is about depression). But, I don’t want to write my blogs for sympathy and so I avoid my old way of complaining. I am writing to be understood by another and I am pleasantly surprised that it’s working. (Special thanks to all viewers/followers and commenters). I’ve always had a tendency to over-analyze my life and a nasty habit of editing the shit out of everything; therefore I truly am enjoying the evolution of my journal writing.
5. Jill is at Zarin Fabric talking about the stress of dressing up for Halloween. She says she gets anxiety for months in advance, and has hired someone to create a costume for her, and for Ginger. I don't know how she lives with the pressure.
Only then does it hit me.
Assume the best possible intentions. I assume the giver of advice is trying to help me, instead of trying to make me feel bad. Probably offering what worked for her or someone she knew. Even if it seems obvious or it's advice I don't agree with, thinking about this changes my thoughts from annoyed to grateful. I can see that most people mean well.
I can half-heartedly agree with this one. Cabin in the Woods could have been scary, but I think Whedon’s “small-screen endeavors” thrived more on suspense and drama than they ever did scares. At best, they made you jump. I saw a few people in the full audience do just that. If anything, I was horrified by the explicit scene involving a certain character’s execution—when comedy and drama play back-to-back, you won’t know appalling until it hits you like a brick. I think Joss Whedon’s point was more to show how desensitized we are to violence through the characters than to spook us through Hollywood moments, and isn’t that a more frightening thought than anything else?
Focus: Is the Ohrid Framework Agreement alive 11 years after it was signed?
Some installments of Slummin’ It take place almost by accident. For example, I might find myself at a rest stop at 3am and have no option but Burger King. Others grow naturally, emerging where late night revelry meets enthusiasm for a greasy burger. This installment I knew had to happen as soon as I saw an advertisement for the sandwich. After all, it’s not every day that one of the major players in fast food tries their hand at guacamole. Going in, I figured I had this sandwich pegged. I was ready to come back here and holler about a crime against avocados, about know-nothing eggheads overstepping their homogenized, corporate world. But honestly, the sandwich could have been a lot worse. The guacamole is loose and smooth, a far cry from the many kinds of guacamole we all know and love, but in the grand scheme of processed avocado product, it was one of the better ones I’ve come across. It had a bright, strong avocado flavor, and while the texture wasn’t ideal it isn’t like I haven’t run across smooth guacamole at plenty of taquerias. The sandwich includes both cheese and mayonnaise, which, given the avocado, really aren’t necessary. That said, they don’t interfere too much, and all you can really taste is the chicken, the avocado, and the bacon.
Yet louder, higher, stronger, bard! yet farther, wider cleave!
Nothing like common sense in our justice system, right? Psh.
It will be a star-studded summer with such luminaries as Tom Cruise, Johnny Depp, Robert Downey Jr., Will Smith, Bruce Willis, Arnold Schwarzenegger, Meryl Streep, Christian Bale, Dwayne Johnson, Jason Statham, Ben Stiller, Ray Romano, Sylvester Stallone, Adam Sandler, Colin Ferrell, Vince Vaughn and Charlize Theron all making appearances on the silver screen.
Share, in the comments bubble at the top of this post.
I quickly corrected myself when I realized I was getting annoyed over my sons desire to give. I am amazed that I have such a thoughtful giving son. He has spent his week compiling To Give lists instead of the completely normal To Get list. He is more than willing to spend every penny he has in order to give the very best gift.
But I am wary of the way in which the Labour left are calling for an alternative. They believe that in refusing to accept the need for public spending cuts, we will walk back into Downing Street on a wave of socialist euphoria. We won’t.
Asked if in hindsight she should have declared her investments in CIB and CMMB before making any statements in the Parliament on the issue, Nunez-Tesheira said she had no need to do so. “In answering that question, it would imply that there was something that somehow was untoward,” she said, adding that there was not(hing untoward)…
Now, that doesn’t mean simply selling DI. It’s about making a commitment to employers and individuals that you will be there in their time of need. It is not a case of “sell it and forget it,” but making a promise to be indispensable. Who else is going to offer that to these clients and prospects?
The second photo was a stitched panorama of 10 frames taken right after sunset. Not much luck with colors really. I don’t like adding colors in Photoshop it’s too fake for me.
The sun has set now,
Hooray for going to awesome author events and finally meeting Tahereh Mafi and Veronica Rossi! That’s right. I went to their Into the Future Book Tour stop in Miami last weekend!! (Thank you to St. Martin’s Griffin, Little Brown Books for Young Readers, Tor Teen, Bloomsbury Children’s Books, Saundra Mitchell and Sarah Nicolas for the items I received this week.) Also a correction: Where I mention the “Changeling” series by Kristin Cashore, I really meant the Graceling series. Oops.
10 oz dark chocolate chips
At first, Pluto was calculated to have a mass 7 times larger than the Earth. Over time, though, this was amended, and it turned out the new planet was a bit smaller. A lot smaller, in fact. In 1978, Pluto was found to have a moon, which allowed a precise determination of its mass...Pluto was found to be about 5 times less massive than our Moon. But, hey, it's a planet, who are we to argue?
The gospel Paul preached, according to Galatians 1:11-12 was “not after man. For I neither received it of man, neither was I taught it, but by the revelation of Jesus Christ.” Had he followed the advice of others, as for example the twelve apostles, he would have preached the law as they did. He would have preached the earthly kingdom as they did. He would have preached the coming King as they did.
Natasha my granddaughter is nearly 11 years old already. She is beginning her eighth year of violin at the Suzuki school across the river from her house. She loves to perform and has participated in duets, chamber ensembles, orchestras and frequently plays on her own. This year she is learning Johannes Brahms Hungarian Dances, a modified version suitable for her age group and level of competence. The music was originally written in 1869.
Mr Wuzster (Denny) is also off to the vet tomorrow - he has an ear infection in one ear, not that you would know to see him him running, jumping and playing. Mom noticed he seems to the want the one ear scratching all the time which made her looks and there is a gooey buildup in it. He is also on a de-stuffing roll today, so far we now have a de-stuffed moo cow and my favorite bunny!!!
So, here I am! Let’s get started…
I am back to watercolor now, and I notice how greatly spoiled I have been by using acrylics. Don't like something in acrylics? Paint over it! Wrong color, remix and paint over it. You get the idea.
Cleopatra’s Moon is the story of Cleopatra’s daughter, Selene, the only one of the queen’s four children to survive into adulthood. This was the daughter of the most powerful woman of her time, a child whose parents’ committed suicide, whose older brother was murdered, and who was forced to leave a life and home she had always known. The rightness or wrongness of slavery, I believed, would hardly have entered her awareness, let alone her consciousness under those circumstances.
Part Two involved Holly Burn (or perhaps by this time Vivienne Soan was again compere-for-the-evening) introducing charismatic compere-for-the-evening Stephen Frost who introduced the amazingly sophisticated Earl Okin as “a sex goddess”.
I should be back to normal bloggin' soon. I've got some recipes brewing in my head that I'm dying to try.
Bp from the Nitwits Collection Grinnbeartoo I used Tickling and Rose heart pink
Boiler Up! (lol, yeah, still excited)
The Creeds Maybe “disagree” is too strong a word here. Certainly the two scholars use the creeds for different purposes in their work. McKnight, for his part, sees the ancient creeds as real standards to be upheld and rehearsed. He sees the heart of the gospel within the Apostles’ Creed and the Nicene Creed, for example.
When a man is down, the Blues are his best friend. I had no idea what that meant as a thirteen year old. Muddy and Willie were both African-Americans, born in Mississippi at a time when the color of your skin determined what kind of life you would lead. Growing up in the 1920’s outside of Vicksburg and Clarksdale, they knew what it meant to be down. Almost everything, and as far as they could see was down. They didn’t have any rich relatives with good paying jobs; most of their kin scratched out a living working the soil all day long, they called it sharecropping. When things seemed like they just couldn’t get any harder, music became a way out of the madness for them. Muddy Waters and his good friend Willie Dixon passed away many years ago. They left behind a lot of great music, but more importantly, inside the songs they left us their hard earned truths.
Ok, I’m a retired high school teacher and taught Computer-aided Graphic Design. I just had to “play” with Lightroom since I went to the seminar last Thursday in Los Angeles. I LOVE the clarify slider in Lightroom. Had to combine what I learned in Lightroom and then use my old friend Photoshop to layout.
And today, down the hallway-- holding on to the wall.
And I can hear the chimes
Mondors (those funny flesh-colored tights that go OVER the boots) = $20/pair (buy needle & flesh-colored thread to sew up the little holes in the practice pairs – keep one pair IN THE BAG until 2 seconds before a public performance and MAYBE they’ll stay intact until the music stops!)
Last week for example we had asked our producer to invite Stephen Fry on the show but unfortunately had to settle for the ever reliable but rather dull Rowland Rivron.
I remembered those time when I was a kid, I used to get bullied at school almost every single day. I was soft-spoken and often the target for bullies. I used to cry everyday when i sat in the school bus or when i am locked up in my room. My parents didn’t know what happened as i smiled and act like nothing ever happened.
Him: No, it wasn't...there were shirts and stuff in there.
I know it’s about 45 minutes long but I urge you to watch it. It contains some really cool footage and some great eye-opening research.
Hazel and the Design Team
I awoke on Saturday and remembered that Token had invited me to go to a Halloween house party. I needed a costume. I ended up going as a cop.
Then we have wild cards like cold fusion, for which, on the other hand, great skepticism is in order, I believe, though some of those in the know aren't so skeptical. (Rossi, the promoter, apparently has a Ph.D. from a diploma mill.) If that were to work out in a big way, it could be goodbye for Saudi Arabia and much of the Middle east, though doubtless on a longer time frame than the next five years.
The skunk in question has now decided that the sensor light directly outside our back door is the best entertainment ever and spends each night marching back and forth trying to set it off. Even the dogs are tired of watching.
The Swing Bridge was built by the Tyne Improvement Commission, under powers conferred by the Tyne Improvement Act of 1861, as part of their overall plan for improving navigation and expanding trade by opening the upper reaches of the river to larger vessels.
So you're probably wondering why I started with February? Well, mostly because I knew I could fill a double page spread with events from that week and I had a little problem with my photos from January so I have to go pull them off my back up drive....anyhoo......onto my pages.
It is the kind of idea that comes later to most people. Decades pass, one walks through a darkened room in which someone has died, and suddenly one recalls long forgotten words and the roar of the sea. It’s as if those few words had captured the whole meaning of life, but afterwards one always talks about something else.
A few good pinches sea salt
Rudolph Valentino remains one of the really instantly recognizable names in film history, even to those with only a fleeting interest in the subject. His reputation as a romantic idol of the silent screen is well entrenched even after almost 90 years since his untimely passing.
Thank you, thank you very much. Be sure to tune in next week when the answers will be posted!
This is such a lovely place. While many folks go to the Bristol Art Gallery or the Hope Gallery because they are in the actual center of Hope Street..... believe me....it's well worth taking a walk a little further down the street to see what's there as well.
I gotta get drunk I just can't stay sober there's a lot of good people in town
We look forward to all devotees participating and sharing their realizations so atht others can benefit. the topic is “what is the Standard of Krsnas Character”
I often see timelines for historical events portrayed as a straight line, like this:
Check that my son is still breathing
What a big boy.
"Chicha" is a catch-all word that refers to a variety of fermented drinks popular in many Latin American countries. The drink of choice among the working class, they tend to be cheap and potent.
One of these days, I will write about the Morsel Guy. He was a Craigslist find and recently started contacting me again - but he's being very subtle about it - so I'm letting that train wreck play out.
Here are the names we drew from:
His attorney, Joan McPhee, issued a statement Tuesday evening describing the charges as misguided and that she is confident Mix will be exonerated.
I foresee many cards in the future starring the Heep family Valentine camel.
they want, that we could offer
Our drunken dads began cackling like sailors. Zub's pop produced some tools, and our two heroes quickly removed the steering wheel from Unkgee's van. The journey home was rough, but every time things looked down, we pulled out that wheel and had ourselves a chuckle.
My last post was May 22nd. Whoa. Sorry for my abscence, between my new addiction (Facebook) and preparing for/going on vacation, I haven't had much to say here...
They should not fly
The listener started from his trance -
Somedays, I just don't feel like fighting my paper trimmer. And unfortunately, there are so many crafty goodies that I want that the thought of spending money on something I already have just doesn't work for me. The crooked lines from my trimmer are kind of driving me crazy right now, though. See what I mean?
When the sponsored lifters finished it was time for the woman of honor to show her skills. Brian, Chelsi’s trainer and owner of the gym, strapped Chelsi’s legs to the bench. With several men and women of incredible size and strength surrounding her and shouting encouragement, Chelsi lifted more weight than I ever had, and she did it several times. It was a bit touch-and-go at one point, but the roaring of her fellow weight-room warriors urged her on.
I am having a little trip next week with some friends to Harrogate to the Parchment Exhibition. My poor hubby has volunteered to drive the minibus - don't think he realised what he was letting himself in for taking 16 ladies on a craft trip. They have all promised me they will behave and look after him !!!!!!!! LOL.
Here's a little lesson for you in how pension fund managers operate. They invest in companies because they are profitable and that is all they should be considering. Just yesterday we see one of those you - in your financial wisdom - decide is a bad investment doing rather well, for example.
4. Portland, OR (Powell's Books)
Don't forget about the blog hop on the 21st. Giveaways and so much more to come!
The use of plain-clothes thugs is a well-worn tactic by the authorities, he adds.
- Knowing Johnny Depp was at the same restaurant I was at.... the day before I was there. To some this is awesome, but to me it's just a big fat FAIL
2 provides
"But the important matter was this, that it entirely reversed the reason for optimism. And the instant the reversal was made it felt like the abrupt ease when a bone is put back in the socket. I had often called myself an optimist, to avoid the too evident blasphemy of pessimism. But all the optimism of the age had been false and disheartening for this reason, that it had always been trying to prove that we fit in to the world. The Christian optimism is based on the fact that we do NOT fit in to the world. I had tried to be happy by telling myself that man is an animal, like any other which sought its meat from God. But now I really was happy, for I had learnt that man is a monstrosity. I had been right in feeling all things as odd, for I myself was at once worse and better than all things. The optimist’s pleasure was prosaic, for it dwelt on the naturalness of everything; the Christian pleasure was poetic, for it dwelt on the unnaturalness of everything in the light of the supernatural. The modern philosopher had told me again and again that I was in the right place, and I had still felt depressed even in acquiescence. But I had heard that I was in the WRONG place, and my soul sang for joy, like a bird in spring. The knowledge found out and illuminated forgotten chambers in the dark house of infancy. I knew now why grass had always seemed to me as queer as the green beard of a giant, and why I could feel homesick at home." G.K. Chesterson "Orthodoxy", Chapter V
And why do these cartoons hit a responsive chord? Because government is a racket that enables the politically well connected to obtain unearned wealth at the expense of the less fortunate.
So what do you have to do to win this gorgeous prize??? Follow my sketch !!!! Remember there is NO Back linking, Projects must be new and must have a hAnglar & sTanglar or Magnolia stamp to be entered into the prize. You can combine our challenge with others.
26. Wolf of Erlik - Argosy All-Story Weekly 4 parts Oct 22, 29, Nov 5, 12
As a Cathar, Jerf was prone to eating food that had been recently killed, a fondness that had often left his Master green in the face. As a result—and out of a genuine need to make those around him more comfortable—Jerf had long-since agreed to only eat meals that had been properly prepared when in the presence of his friend.
That’s the status of every single person who is crushing on someone. Not only the singles, but also for the taken people out there. It feels great that with a single glance of your special someone will make your day complete, right? Feels like your in a paradise with him/her.
So, as we review the meaning of life on earth – the purpose of God’s creation of earth… we simply must go to the eternal level in Christ to focus on God, the holy angels, Satan, and the fallen angels to see the purpose of God in creating this earth whose foundation was laid in Jesus Christ who God gave us before the world began according to His own purpose and grace (not according to our works). This eternal view that “escapes” the natural minded and that they can by no means see so long as they lack the vision given by the Spirit to see Jesus in eternity… is the answer God gives in His Word.
I'm Lori Craig, and I'm so excited to be sharing The Cat's Pajamas with you today. I have been stamping and making cards for over 10 years, and I'm one of the newest contributors at CPS. I came on board last summer. It's a great fit for me because designing with a sketch leaves a lot of room for artistic interpretation and it makes me happy.
The Maoh is extremely powerful. When Yuri loses control of his emotions, the Maoh appears to exact judgement on the offenders.
This was not the last of my rolling shopping excursions. After that, most of my other shopping trips in malls, departments stores and grocery stores were from a wheel chair for a while. For the next three years or so, my lupus continued its exhausting, crippling flare, despite the cancer and transplant chemotherapy drugs I was taking to control it. My lupus even progressed to where one Christmas I didn’t go to the mall at all, and all my shopping took place from my home office desk chair. That year all our gifts were ordered over the Internet and delivered to our house.
''Goode historically has held strong views on illegal immigration and citizenship. He said he plans to focus on unemployment by cutting down on the number of green card issuances and "keeping American jobs for American citizens first."
I hate to start off on a bad note because there are highly admirable qualities to credit in this film, but this is an exploration of me understanding what I haven’t like about this film for so long. Only now, by way of actually analyzing the film, can I pinpoint those reasons. However, that doesn’t mean I have all bad things to say of it, but let me get the nagging issues out of the way first.
religious freedom. Franklin's father was
A comparison between dropbox and Google drive will be made soon.
Keep her in your prayers... these are bothering her a little bit and she hasn't been quite as smiley lately. My poor girl :(
Of course, I eventually learnt that this was not How Publishing Really Works. Or even writing. I scribbled away as a young person, mainly pony stories, in brown covered Woolworth’s exercise books, narrow-feint (lines close together, in case you didn’t know). Then I grew up, realised that writing was not what I could do as a living and embarked on a varied, if not variegated, career, encompassing modelling, acting, DJ-ing, being a cabin crew member with BA and, after marriage, a personnel consultant (Brook Street Bureau) and lowly minion at The Observer.
taguirre@oneidanation.org
While Hartman recorded infrequently over a four decade career (especially in comparison to his peers), Songs From the Heart (1955), I Just Dropped By to Say Hello and John Coltrane & Johnny Hartman (both 1963) easily rank alongside the greatest jazz albums ever, vocals or no vocals. Esquire magazine even chose his collaboration with Coltrane as the greatest album ever made, and while rock fans would argue that point, the masterpiece is certainly one of the most exquisitely beautiful ever recorded. Although a select group of loyal fans and (especially) jazz musicians loved these albums, by the late-1960s Hartman was working primarily in Japan and Australia (where he starred in his own TV specials). By the late-’70s Hartman was working back in the States, where he earned a Grammy nomination in 1980. Then, just as his career was taking off again, he developed cancer and died in 1983. In the mid-’90s, longtime fan Clint Eastwood included a handful of Hartman tracks in his darkly romantic adaptation of The Bridges of Madison County. The film introduced Hartman to a whole new generation of listeners, and the resulting soundtrack CD, as well as two re-issued Hartman albums, quickly sold more than any of his work had during his lifetime.
Scriptural Sundays - I will be posting a bible verse for the week here.
Carrie Etter presents
8/13/11:30am – Fermentation has started, about a 1 ½ inches of Krauesen. Temp is around 70˚, replaced ice bottles. I think I'll let the temp ramp up a little from here.
Every Monday I’m going to ask you for a dollar. Well, two actually, now – one African adoption and one Haitian adoption. I’m going to tell you who it’s going to and what it’s being used for. We’re mostly funding adoption for the people, by the people. We’re just going to rain down a crazy blessing on a family, organization, orphanage, or project and we’re going to do it every week. We’re going to get huge. And the world will be changed for lots of people because of your generosity. That sounds exciting, doesn’t it?! Let’s do it.
I had a really productive day today. I got a lot accomplished at work, including completing a proposal that is due Friday, and finishing a report that I've been pushing aside for weeks.
. . . we asked Rulkowski why it’s not suitable.
We drove in silence pretty much the rest of the way home. My father was talked out. Me afraid to say anything.
Idlewild Books
Race With the Devil is so 70s it made my nose bleed. (This isn’t actually true. The only time I have ever spontaneously bled due to over stimulation is when I thought I saw Alan Moore whilst in a beer garden in Northampton, I had also just hit myself in the face with my mobile phone so these two factors may not even be related. For the record we never did get any clarification as to whether it was in fact Mr. Moore, I like to think it was). While Race With the Devil is undeniably a raucous romp round the back roads of 70s horror, I like to think of it more as a morality tale warning us of what would have really happened to Scooby Doo’s gang when they go meddling into the affairs of evil doers in masks.
Whatever the truth of these claims, this is a good place to point out that, perhaps as a result of Masterman's innovation, the art galleries at the Imperial War Museum are an unexpectedly good place for lovers of 20th-century British art to visit.
The Capitals opened their 2012 season at the historic Smithtown Grounds in Long Island this past Saturday against the Brooklyn Atlantics Base Ball Club, where they dropped a pair of matches to the defending Mid-Atlantic champs. Afterwards, it was back to their carriages for the trip into Brooklyn.
I rest my case...
I would like to express to you:
We don't sleep alone. We sleep next to our significant other, if we're lucky. But most often there's a chorus of "Mooooom!" through the night and we bounce from bed, to bed, to bed. I hafta tell ya, the last time I bounced beds like this I may have qualified as a slut. Just sayin'.
Ask for advice - It is surprising how people love to share their insider knowledge of bargains, so by asking the right question at the right time you could well land a sweet deal. Be alert for opportunists, but don’t be shy about relying on the kindness of strangers.
No investigation has occurred to date despite clear evidence that election laws were violated, Court orders ignored, and that the possibility for future repeat incidents of similar or even greater serious impact persist.
23. I should probably rename the file - Burn upon my death!
The seeds of Edwards’ political (and personal) destruction were sewn during the four years in between his presidential bids. At some point during that time, Edwards started to believe all the positive press about himself and began to view himself as above and beyond traditional moral conventions.
Okay, head still throbbing a bit, so I’ll sign off. Must remember to cue up Six Sentence Sunday before I crash into bed.
We realize that many people don't have blogs, but instead participate in our challenges using on-line galleries. We love that you are helping us spread the word about Squigglefly! However, many of the galleries require passwords and not all of us at Squigglefy belong to every gallery or group. To help us make sure we don't miss your artwork, we are asking that if you do use an online gallery that you leave us a comment on the challenge post. That way we'll be sure to have a member of the Squigglefly team who is a member of that gallery (SCS, CDAC, PCP, etc) can validate your entry.
You despise
Here is your very own image to click and save to your computer. Print it out, and have fun coloring, even if you can't come visit me!
1. Call me Ishmael. —Herman Melville, Moby-Dick (1851)
Salty uncontrollable tears
The government is planning to implement this programme with virtually no preparation for anyone. People will be "paid" to have strangers in their house - that, it seems, is sufficient preparation. Nobody appears to have given any thought to the potential for conflict, the legal responsibilities or whether this is actually safe.
Well, I'm not sure why I bought this. I had never seen it before, and the notion of "Beck" and "dark" seemed so contrary that I was just plain intrigued.
The prettiest hairclips and
Best Weight Loss Tips – Not Enough Water
It's filled with a friendly ghost, and I'm pretty sure that's the only reason why this old thing has lasted this long.
1/8 C half and half
2 Thessalonians 3:13, NLT
Should I have thrown the cigarette butt out the window? No, probably not, but honestly, I just wasn't thinking. Suddenly, this white haired loser bastard became the embodiment of all of the attacks on our freedom, our liberty, and the American Way of Life. I just snapped. Had I been a man, I would have probably pulled the guy from the car and given him a well deserved knuckle sandwich, alas, I am a Southern Woman. The only words that came to mind where some my Mother had used in a similar situation several years before. They seemed an appropriate response, I will not be shy in admitting they carried with them a tremendous sense of power and ultimate satisfaction. You see kind readers, I responded with the following words, that will echo through the ages, right before I left him in a cloud of dust, I yelled, "Mind your own business, Fucker!"
Weeding, watering, feeding, and tweaking could take up every hour of the day, but on a sunny day those jobs are a pleasure.
Wynkoop Brewing Company Black Triple Sixes
Do you ever get tired of waiting? It is a part of life. We wait in line at the grocery store. We wait in line at our favorite department stores. We wait in line to buy fast food. We wait for appointments at the doctor and dentist office. We wait for services at the hair and nail salon. We wait for the computer to accomplish various tasks. Even with high speed Internet connections, it still seems that we have to wait longer than we should. Or perhaps, I'm just extremely impatient where computer tasks are concerned.
"The reason we struggle with insecurity
And be sure to use valid filenames before uploading, NOT
While your server will open your wine and keep it on ice, but don’t expect traditional wine service like you get when you order off the house wine list. If your wine is left on the table, feel free to pour your own.
They call for 1 1/2 cups of sugar (half brown - half white). A couple of months I decided to slowly cut back on the sugar every time I made them to see if less sugar would effect the taste. I'm down to one cup and I haven't noticed a difference.
It only takes ten minutes for him to make messes big enough to require a vacuum, sponge and water, baby wipes, washing machine, electrical engineering, heavy lifting and one flustered Paige. If he can't get to the next mess he wants to make he will find a way. Chairs, toys stacked up, climbing until he's high enough to have oxygen depletion, that is some toddler perseverance. I can't be mad at him for too long though because right after he does something messy and frustrating he goes and does something even more sweet and heart melting.
Where we live right now is just.....just.....er, a, let's just say it's funny.
What a fab weekend. David Almond was the speaker and he gave some fascinating insights into his progress as a writer and about how he writes. (Very organic and brainstormy, throw all your story arcs away!) (Not sure if I can quite do that but...)
The Huguenot cross is a symbol of steadfast conviction — a faith so strong that it did not even fear the stake. Descendants of the Huguenots are not allowed to forget their origins, nor to consider their religious precepts merely superficial.
With a love of live television, Brett jumped off the red carpets of Hollywood to join HSN in 2011. His appetite for pop culture is matched by his love of technology. His intellectual curiosity spans from the latest electronics to the newest ideas in health, fitness, and house wares. He has a secret love for country music, historical fiction novels and cats – a strange mixture for sure, but one that keeps viewers guessing what he’ll say next. Brett loves guiding customers in their quest to upgrade and innovate their lives.
this article provides some details on how gov has been enforcing its censorship of protesters and
Like the "must place" student who had to be assigned to our class, even if the classroom was full, because they were homeless...
It's been an interesting conversation, but I'd like to tie it in with one other thing:
Following are the 15 bloggers and it was really difficult for me to choose them as mostly all the bloggers are been recieving this award so please if you have recvd the award kindly let me know so that i can pass it to some other fellow bloggers .
YIHAAAAA! I am back!
But here we’re scrying events still long off in the future. Let’s return to the dawning of the Davison era. Miles and Wood discuss the way in which the Saturday teatime slot that Doctor Who had occupied from 1963-81 was, by the start of 1982, completely imploded. They give an almost entirely technologically determinist account of why this was, but it’s a compelling one, so let’s go with it. But first, some context.
Weight/Length- We will get your most up to date weight and length at your two month check-up later today but at 7 weeks on Feb. 16th you weighed 11lbs12ozs and were 22.5 inches long. I suspect you are now well over 12 pounds!
They didn’t seem quite fun enough.
Agar marches off into highly speculative territory in responding to this. He reckons the War on Aging (de Grey’s term, not Agar’s) will lead to an increased disregard for the welfare and rights of those subjected to medical tests. He suggests that the use of those who do not have access to longevity increasing treatments could be used as guinea pigs, and that the introduction of a kind of medical conscription is not impossible.
4. My bed: For any of you who have ever travelled in Asia, you know that they beds here can be rather firm at times. It is such a blessing to have an American-esque bed to provide me with good rest here in China! We also tend to be the envy of the rest of the IECS Family because of our beds here in Tianjin.
When we think of God’s self‑giving and the way he humbled himself — I am saying this so that each one of us can meditate on it and apply it to himself — then the vainglory and presumption of the proud man stands out as a truly hideous sin, for the very reason that such conduct is poles apart from the model given us by Jesus Christ. Think about it slowly: He, being God, humiliated himself; man, puffed up with self‑love, tries to build himself up at any cost, without recognizing that he is but a creature of clay, and poor clay at that. (Friends of God, 111-112)
Everyone has been talking to me lately about using where I'm at and being thankful for it. I do take it to heart and I appreciate all the advice I get! When most people tell me to take advantage of being single what they mean is: go traveling, go out to a bar, meet lots of people, learn a new hobby, etc.
The motive for our dedication should be that, each day, there should be less of us and more of Him so that in our yielding ourselves as a Living Sacrifice to the Father, we might Glorify Jesus in accord with St. Paul’s exhortation:
Early Days of Adventure Movies
In my opinion it went well. I could share with you some of the things I did, and maybe should have done.
He did this twice more while I was there.
As we are all used to these pricing games, I'm sure no-one will be surprised when in a month they 'drop' the prices again, potentially saving us more money gawd bless 'em!
As you can tell, today is one of those days where I’m totally uninspired and am just dressed for comfort. I should seriously stop wearing this top because it’s so unflattering… BUT I CAN’T! It’s just too comfortable!
She shook her head. “Back to the future?”
We had 10 Trail Nerds show up for the trail run last night at WyCo Park. We were going to do 1 or maybe 2 hilly 6.8-mile out-and-backs. We were cruising along pretty good, when we happened upon a body in full camo fatigues lying on the ground on the side of the trail. I actually said "whoa" really loud, and then went back to him. He at first appeared dead, but then he moved and put his finger to his mouth like he was saying "shhh." He then said, "I'm OK" and we resumed running.
In light of this, perhaps refraining from drinking at 10:00am could be a good start. If you are an office worker who enjoys a mid-morning tipple, the chances are that your colleagues will suspect as much. Luckily for you, they are too polite to say anything to your face. Instead they will talk amongst themselves in hushed tones, saving you the embarrassment of having the issue raised in your presence. Good on them.
Levain's walnut chocolate chip cookie is the best. And I don't even like nuts in my baked goods.
TIP: So, you realize you added too much liquid and the gravy is too thin. Don't panic. Just don't fall apart and add flour straight into the thin gravy, or the lumps will come. I am speaking from experience, here. It's not pretty. Instead, you can mix about 1 Tablespoon of corn starch and whisk a little water into it, till it's lump free. Now, very slooooooooooowly, add the cornstarch and whisk while the gravy bubbles. Cornstarch works very fast, so go easy. If it's still not thick enough, then add some more. Oh. If you have Wondra instant flour, then you can carefully add that to gravy to thicken, but whisk like crazy. In the end, if there are still lumps, just strain the gravy through a fine mesh sieve.
Much like the commercial for insurance, she apparently feels that’s not a safe place, so she gets it and carries it under the bed. Um, there are dust bunnies under our bed bigger than she is…needless to say it isn’t left there either. Apparently the only safe location is in the chair. With her. And me.
When police in 2003 busted a Texas man accused of dealing cocaine, a judge set his bond at $100,000. An attorney posted the bond, but the man jumped bail and years after the drug bust is nowhere to be found, reports the Ft. Worth Star-Telegram. The attorney didn’t pay the $100,000. He hasn’t yet paid a penny. The bond forfeiture went into a kind of legal thicket, eliminating a big incentive for bond agents to track the suspect down.
Probably like many of you, crafting takes up a very small portion of what reality truly is around your home. I blog a lot about crafting and parties and all the pretty stuff. So...
We can stop calling children brats, or cute little creatures, and start recognizing that they are fully human, just like us. After all, we were them not long ago. When they are upset, they need something, and it's not a smack or "the look" of disgust and disapproval. It's love. It's a hug. It's help figuring out why they are upset and how we can fix it.
I forgive myself that I have accepted and allowed myself to live/exist within self disgust towards myself for my own self agreement that I have accepted and allowed myself to live and to continue to live such a self agreement with myself believing and perceiving that I am not able to actually walk in self respect due to all the patterns of abuse that I have created and accepted and allowed myself to participate in as myself as I walk alone.
Though the military confrontations between Sudan and South Sudan armies have ended, tensions between the two countries have not yet lessened as the two sides are trading accusations of continuing the escalation.
My best friend that would never leave my side.
(102) If a sign identical with, or similar to, the proprietor’s trade mark is to be ‘used’, within the meaning of Article 5 of Directive 89/104 and Article 9 of Regulation No 40/94, by a third party, that implies, at the very least, that that third party uses the sign in its own commercial communication. In so far as that third party provides a service consisting in enabling its customers to display on its website, in the course of their commercial activities such as their offers for sale, signs corresponding to trade marks, it does not itself use those signs within the meaning of that EU legislation (see, to that effect, Google France and Google, paragraphs 56 and 57).
After a while, there still was no sign of her. No glow just below the mountain horizon. I know this place very well and found myself becoming impatient with waiting. I know where to expect her, so where was she?
I started this draft about a month ago or so and yes I know I have not been very proud of myself in keeping this blog updated as often as I wanted to. I had to keep changing the content as the week passed by because so many things are happening. In fact, I was writing part of this post on my "vacation" somewhere in Prairieville, Louisiana where thunderstorm and wind warning are so common. Yup, that's right! I went away from the beautiful California to Houston for a few days to visit my sister, then off to Louisiana, for a good reason. In a way, San Jose reminds me about the long hours at work and thinking about that is exhausting sometimes. So, it feels really good to be away from that at least.
Maybe if he was a utilitarian God, He would need us all to work hard for Him. Or if He were a strong lord who demanded our obedience, maybe then all He would really want from us was to be committed soldiers who fight for His cause. But what about the God who made the rose? Who made the simplicity of child’s smile, the wonder of sexual intimacy, the brilliance of the night sky? What would He want for this universe? For you and I?
And when I say I was shot back in time? I mean, I forgot where I was, who was around, and for a short time, I was newly 13, smelling that wonderful California air, feeling the coolness of that tacky old linoleum floor against my legs, and reliving the happy anxious feelings that only a new teenage girl can understand when thinking about boys and the future.
At the January 26 cabinet meeting, Carlo Scissura, special advisor to Brooklyn Borough President Marty Markowitz, asked if the number of workers would increase as the opening date of the arena approaches in September.
I'm not going to write a review of either film, Suckerpunch has a shite storyline...LACK OF STORY and Your Highness was just a pile of drivel that was funny in certain scenes like when the Prince had a Minotaur's trouser snake as a necklace...WTF o_O
So how do you live, and stay sane and productive in-between?
I'm not a fan of knitting from charts, so I knew I had to find the perfect pattern, something that had instructions written out. I found Traveling Woman and I liked the stockinette with the lace border, it was really pretty.
I.M. S.T.R.U.G.G.L.I.N. Y.'A.L.L.
So, courtesy of Mags,
Overall this movie is awesome, definitely better than Battleship (2012), which I posted 2 weeks ago. Rating would be 8/10, funny scene, some fight scene is memorable. Would love to watch second time if got chance and also hope that there is ticket available for IMAX 3D during next week!
So, maybe I need to mix in a salad or two into my day. And cut out the cheeses. And let go of the lattes. And run a few extra miles on my shorter run days.
So we're 6 days into November and still no recap. Sorry.
This is what happens when politicians try to pander to the collective bi-polar mind that is the US voter. Voters don’t want bailouts, handouts, or any other kind of something-out, but they don’t want to see a company go under or their financial lives hurt because the government decided not to step in. It is very similar to the voter’s dislike of social welfare programs except for the one social program that they or an immediate family member benefits from.
Our tour dropped us off at a Jewelry Factory. Yes...we went in knowing it's a tourist trap and yes, the prices are probably going to be much much higher then elsewhere...but we were already there. The best you can do is not buy anything....right? Right....just go in take a look and not buy anything. So much for that! The pendant you see above, modeled by yours truly originally cost $1600. It's a luck Feng Shui pendent, it's a fan with a diamond in the middle. The blades of the fan represent good health, peace, happiness, and fortune. The fan spins with movement (from walking) and makes a sound like a money counting machine. All of this is supposed to bring good luck to the wearer.... How cool is that!?!? But for how much? My mom got a smaller one, the price for that was supposed to be $250. I told them $888 (luck number lol) for both..... and after about an hour of haggling they finally sold it for my asking price...more then half of their original price.... I'm positive the still made a profit...or else why would they sell it? Although, I'm a pastry chef...I know I over paid....seriously, the diamond is in the middle is so small you can hardly see it, and there's not much gold/platinum in it...but hey! You only live once, and it's not like I go to Hong Kong everyday....at least that's what I telling myself.
This giveaway is a classic ‘His & Hers’ double header, boys against the girls, but don’t worry, there are two winners! So, boys and girls, just what have we got for you? Well, for His Pocket we have a Pentel Sharp Kerry P1035 0.5mm mechanical pencil in boyish blue, and for Her Purse, an Ohto Tasche SP-10T 0.5mm mechanical pencil in feminine pink. Yeah well I like my stereotypes even if it’s not particularly PC these days. Anyway, both of these pencils are class acts and they are both capped pencils for the ultimate in pocket and purse safety. Two pencils = two winners! One Him and one Her.
3.breaker
PHILIP MUDD, FORMER CIA ANALYST: Having seen this stuff on the inside, that’s not a debate. That is a done deal. The information we got was invaluable. So debate the cultural side and the political side, but please don’t debate the intelligence side.
I don’t know about you, dear readers, but it’s been genuinely heartening to see the return of the Honey Monster and Tetley Tea Folk to our television screens.
and listen to others,
The heat was unbearable. Throat parched and body drained with exhaustion I looked vacantly stared at the passing terrain.
“Not my area of expertise,” I replied. “I can tell you about comedians and Charlie Chuck’s ducks.”
Home Stylist
I am sure, that like me, this weekend you really must get some shopping done. I have not stepped one foot into a store yet this year and will have a lot to make up for! Thank the powers that be for online shopping and free shipping is all I'm sayin'.
Thecla's personality, which later we learn is often petty and cruel, is important not so much because we "witnessed" her torture and suicide, but because of a recurrent theme in this volume, one that was hinted at earlier with Dorcas's rising from the pond: resurrection of the body. A great many of the events that occur in this volume revolve in some point around the resurrection of the body or soul, or conversely, around the decay and corruption of both body and mind.
I'd like to end here with a few pictures. We don't get tons of good ones since the boys hate sitting still, but these are some of my favorites.
Paddlin’ Madelin’ Home: Isham Jones Orchestra (1925)
# Lactic acid helps maintain healthy digestive action (through the
"Ohh, it's Maggie!!!"
Before Microsoft hogged the limelight, before Apple became famous then almost disappeared and came roaring back again, before Dell, Oracle, and all the names you hear today in the information technology world, there was IBM. This was the big cheese that lorded over the scene for decades.
April 20, 1999 – The Columbine massacare at Columbine High School, Colorado where 12 students (twelve month cycle?) and 1 teacher (the beginning of the next cycle, or regenerative month) were killed, bringing the total to 13. (21 were injured – see Iraq)
What intrigues me is that the last trip to New York by these three procurers ended the day before DSK was arrested for the alleged assault upon Nafissatou Diallo. I’m intrigued because – let’s face it – if you were keeping the Head of the IMF under surveillance, with this entourage of pimps and hookers, it wouldn’t have taken much brainpower for a security agency to work out how to ensnare Strauss-Kahn. Indeed, your main problem would’ve been slotting in the jailbait between the hordes of other women servicing DSK in one way or another.
Are they so interested because the changes happen so quickly? Actually now that I think about it, even though they might not see it, those kindergarten kids and those caterpillars have quite a lot in common.
How the index is calculated
That was before last night. My lovely neighbor down the road is dating a thug and all his thug buddies come and hang out. Traffic, drugs, cars blaring boom box thumping driving by at 11:00 at night just to name a few nuisances. But as long as they leave me alone right?
Who: Council Member Letitia James, Attorney Jed Marcus, and Academy for Young Writers students
Celtic Cavalry
Contact with somebody who is honest and believes that you are honest as well, brings the best of you and this is an amazing feeling. It makes you relax, enjoy the moment in the first place and following generates the desire to ‘pay back’ the ‘treat’. It brings human interaction in a higher lever of quality. As far as tango is concerned, it is obvious that you dance better with somebody you feel well and you are familiar to. Of course an excellent tango can be more ‘aggressive’ or ‘esoterical’ driven either by seduction, or the coincidence of the special moment; but the most enjoyable dance (at least from my point of view) is when you are possessed by positive feelings, familiarity and respect for your partner. When you want to share with him another step, another tango, another tanta, when you want to stay in the abrazo and try to overwhelm him with all your positive energy and feelings. This is the magic of tango…. (or at least some of it!)
Huff is too busy doing work for paying clients to invest the time, money, and frustration that a legal battle with Reichert and the police union would require. Unless the officer’s superiors can be shamed into firing him permanently – an unlikely outcome, given previous performance – Officer Michael “Third” Reichert will continue to prey on the innocent and perjure himself, and teach the relevant skills to other cops. After all, as his awards and
After being left out in the cold by the retirement of the PCW Television title belt and denied an automatic entry into the Lock and Load Tournament, Daniel-San (I) took matters into his own hands and won his way into the tournament by defeating both of Paul Ryan’s Raiders: Nick Ray and Kevin Collins (R) and Triple R (D) Monday night.
In a press release entitled "Fong Lim targets itinerants", Ms Fong Lim said Darwin residents had the right to use the city's parks, beaches and shopping centres without having to be humbugged.
Also check out these cracking video interviews with Harvey, Maurice Fulton & Derrick May. They come from a series of lectures put together by the Red Bull Music Academy, which comes to London from Feb 7th for a month of special events including club nights, lectures & concerts. Further details @ http://www.redbullmusicacademy.com/london
Tomorrow, I'll be sharing this month's ratio rally challenge (brownies!) and plan to share a successful hot cross buns recipe with you on Thursday.
Others can pick and choose if you can’t.
What should the standard be? What is a healthy length for a dating relationship? Is dating for over, say, 5 years, a bad idea? What factor does a couple’s age range play into this?
rolento
Who doesn't like smores! I'm not big on marshmallows, but you put them with chocolate between a graham cracker and I'm all for it!
This project will be an opportunity to participate in dialogue surrounding an important cultural cornerstone. To trace the origins of quintessential stories and pithy one-liners that have become a part of our collective consciousness. To examine how the structures of film impact our experience of story and character!
I cut her off...I did. I lost it and said what I really want to hear about is who's going to help with the laundry and why the dishwasher wasn't started (I did that this morning before I left).
1 hottentots
With the introduction of the House Price Database due by June 2012, which should ensure all transactions – cash and mortgage – are publicly available, I hope we can finally wave “Good Riddance” to asking price and estate agent valuation indices in Ireland. That’s not to say the accompanying narrative isn’t interesting or valid, it’s just that it is faintly ridiculous to have so much analysis of what are asking prices or valuation estimates. DAFT says prices in Longford rose by 10% in Q1,2012 and prices in Carlow fell by 10% – no doubt, that’s what asking price data is saying, but does anyone believe it?
Since those first attempts at putting thought onto screen, I have gradually come to understand that I did not pick the name for this blog, but rather the name picked me. I live the life of somewhere in-between. Whether it’s another upcoming move, a change of jobs, diet, or new phase of childhood, I feel like my life is always in the midst of some sort of beautiful chaos. And this blog has helped me through the last six years to find contentment in my chaos.
Please bear with me and normal service will be resumed soon.
But I think (if I'm lucky enough to own one someday that is) that I'd go with this style. A little bamboo, a cane tray and it comes in an amazing array of colors. Oh yes, I think I've decided, I do want this one.
The man in the sweatshirt laughed. "I had a hat," he said. "But I lost it. That is why I am going downtown."
Two repeated phrases reinforce the complexity of Kanye’s sophisticated relationship with himself and those who love and hate him. The first is the refrain, borrowed from King Crimson’s titular song, ’21st Century Schizoid Man’. Like Mersault, who is torn between societal norms and his, albeit largely unexplored, indifference towards the world of human affairs, Kanye is ‘schizoid’, a divided self. The song explores this division as one between the private and the public self, between his natural creativity and the pressures of fame, between his younger more authentic persona and the new one, ostensibly undermined by celebrity. Taken with ‘All of the Lights’, which follows ‘Power’ on the album My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy and forms with it something of a musical diptych, Kanye laments the extent to which fame has changed him and in doing so has driven his family away.
I am really happy because in the photo you can see the sparkle on the banner...... I used Tide Pool glimmer glam on the patterned...... and I not throw it ihihihih
The Bible, rather than being a single document, is really a collection of ancient texts, written and compiled by an unknown number of authors over thousands of years, and many times these authors and editors disagreed with each other, creating tensions, contradictions and conversations within the scriptures. To me, this is in no way inconsistent with the patience and mercy of a God who would set in motion his plan on Jan. 1 and wait all year to see it fulfilled. He is a God of evolution, of gradual change, of conversation and dialogue, of seeking and finding.
“Do not speak of it. You should never speak of it. Drive it from your mind, and never even think of it again, or you will be doomed!”
the final clap
Toodles, friends! Thanks for stopping by (AMY!) I'll be around to your place soon. My sister and I are doing a fair in Elizabeth tomorrow. I'll have lots of stuff from my Etsy shop plus A MUSE STUDIO CATALOGS! Do you have yours yet? I'd be happy to send you one! Leave a note in my comments and we'll wheel and deal! (That means $5 plus S&H)
PROSPECTS: One of the most popular animated feature franchises looks to be cruising along in its newest installment.
To many of us live our lives a prisoners in a windowless room in the highest tower of the tallest mountain of our own kingdom, Reality. Why do we never think about our thinking?
It was super cold & snowy when I woke up on Saturday, so I decided to bake. I ended up making the browned butter cupcakes with chocolate buttercream frosting again. I quickly realized that it was in no one's best interest to leave me alone in the house all day with 24 cupcakes, so I took my show on the road. My first stop was Jessica's house because she's pregnant & I knew I could unload a lot of cupcakes. We ran to Old Made Good, which I've been wanting to check out FOREVER. I loved that place! Both owners were in there & they were so nice. Jessica got an awesome necklace & I got these cute arrow earrings. J'adore!
A nice twist on the classic bellini – raspberry puree flavoured with rosehip topped with prosecco
And lastly, I am excited to have a photograph published in the July/August issue of “The Iowan Magazine.” This image “Swept into the center” is the opening spread of the portfolio section titled “red.white.blue.”
The weekend is almost here and I am very ready. My poor hubby is working doubles since Wednesday, no rest for him until Saturday. Sometimes I feel like a big jerk because he works two jobs and I don't. But, I spent all six years of my college days working two and three jobs at a time just to survive, not because it was fun. I know if I went back to that now it would not be healthy for me. Plus, I could just forget I even have a husband to go home to. I worked a second job for a bit when we first started dating, two evenings a week and saturdays. I was always exhausted and DH was always worried about me. So,I have to remind myself of these things when I feel like a big jerk sitting at home one the couch while he is still working. DH doesn't HAVE to work that second job, he continues because he likes the people and its a bit extra cash in his pocket every week. Hes even tried to quit a few times, but the owners always get him to come back. One time they even chased him down in the parking lot and begged him to come back.
and unaccustomed eyes.
The book is called "A Mother's Heart Knows" and on the outside it's a tiny little book....on the inside....not so tiny. "A Mother's Heart Knows" is a gift book. You know, one of those little books that you give to someone to let them know that you love them and care about them, and they, in turn, display it on a side table, or shelf and look through it every now and then and smile and think of you....at least that's how I normally see these books.
Holly has joined a music group (a capella) and they're having a car wash this morning. On short notice she's supposed to lean toward 1940's pinup, rather than 2011 girls. She has the lipstick, shorts and a polka-dotted scarf. I helped her with cardboard signs and a bucket of old towels. She's asleep.
The cost. One pound. To go to where he already was. It seemed.
Don't give up.
We fall,
Accessories: Sizzix Big Shot, Nestability dies, sewing machine, Baker's twine, button, silver brads
getting deeper and the neighbours begin to get suspicious. Laurence becomes desperate not to let Jay be taken into care, even resorting to stuffing a bra and putting on a wig to pretend his Mum’s there.
If I didn’t have the time and the space to say it at the time, let me say it now. The fact that a majority of workers are no longer protected, nearly seventy-five years after the passage of an act that was meant to protect every worker from” one of many misfortunes” of economic life, is a moral failure of the highest order. The idea that governors in America would reject stimulus funds in the middle of a recession because those funds would make it easier for temporary or part time workers to gain access to UI suggests the total moral bankruptcy of the American conservative movement. Not for nothing did FDR say:
She was ecstatic when she met her future husband, his hobby was playing the guitar. He played guitar like Chet Atkins, and also liked the music of Marty Robbins.
Most people choose to describe a unit as “a quarter of what I have drunk and will drink this evening”, but others are bolder and more fanciful and claim that a unit is an incredibly rare bird that lives in the Amazon, and it is therefore difficult, not to mention unethical, to consume four in a day. Some have bastardised the “one glass = one unit” methodology with gusto, becoming wonderfully liberal with what constitutes one drink. Triple whisky. One glass, one unit. Yard of White Lightning. One glass, one unit. Industrial-sized bottle of Ouzo. Technically One glass, one unit.
With tactical planning and no time to be naughty, Jordan Romero reached the zenith of his life on Christmas Eve. At 15 years of age he scaled Mt. Vinson Massif, making him the youngest to climb the tallest peaks on each of the seven continents. He already knows how to soar with the eagles. Where will he soar next?
Our go-to recipe by Ina Garten calls for two cups of canned chickpeas. Typically I empty the can without measuring—but this time I checked and realized that a can is bit shy of two cups. No biggie. If you decide to go with dried chickpeas, you’ll need to plan ahead. They take at least four hours for soaking, better yet overnight, and another three hours for cooking.
100g/3½ oz cold unsalted butter, cut into chunks
I have gardened most of my life, but other than the gift of a small, illustrated book my sister once gave me on the language of flowers, I knew nothing about it. However, it did sound romantic and I immediately imagined I would include all my favorites. For instance, when Livie finds the bouquet of irises on her front porch swing, I initially planned she would find hydrangeas, perhaps mixed with clematis. Well, guess what? Hydrangeas—to me the most romantic looking flower of them all, those colors, the lushness of their blooms—in flower language, they symbolize heartlessness. They say, You are cold. So much for romance! Clematis stands for mental beauty, not exactly speaking to the sort of affection I hoped for. In fact, I was amazed when I began researching flower meanings and symbols at just how lacking in affection and sentimentality the language is. Like my fiction, a lot of it conveys a darker meaning.
3. Talking of shopping, I did a bit of a crazy shopping splurge in Boots on Wednesday afternoon when I got so fed up from being stuck inside for three days (minus the running), staring out of the window at the dull weather. I say ‘splurge’ by my standards – I am a student after all. But I did get quite a lot, despite telling myself I only needed a few ‘essential items’. New mascara? Check. New nail polish? Why the hell not. Shall I finally get around to trying those Tweezermans which I hear are highly recommended? Better make it now or never. I didn’t feel guilty for it at all, to be honest, for I’d deserved it. At least I tell myself I did.
black sneakers.
A blend of the two broadcasts for an interruption-free show. Great performance, definitely worth more than a Euro.
glass shelves for niche
I just think this would be one of the most beautiful ways of "discretely" telling the story of your wedding without it languishing in an album. I say discretely because it feels to me that you wouldn't necessarily know it was someone's wedding at glance (oh and in the picture above it's not!). It's not boom pow here we are in our wedding finery this is the only picture we want you to see. It slightly more intriguing than that. Although I sort of get that it does seem a little "look at me, look at me" but I guess one could always change the photographs as life moves on to perhaps, "once a year on our wedding anniversary if we lived for another 120 years" or something a little more frequent.
The subject of Board Report 11090, entitled “SRA (Secondary Review Area) 103”, is secondary school boundaries within Oakville. Specifically, the report deals with the boundary review process for the new Oakville high school currently under construction at 2820 Westoak Trails Blvd.
With that, Pam took the nightstick and put it between her thighs up by her crotch. The stick was angled up at about 45 degrees, like an erect penis. “I want you to suck me off! And make sure I cum.”
So again, effective long-term planning is necessary when it comes to budgets. This is not to say don’t consider tablets, but rather factor in costs for replacement going several years forward.
Don’t – Yell at the gate agents/others who might be able to help you. Yelling doesn’t help any…at all. If anything it will make the customer service person want to help you less! Also they will remember that you were a super cranky b**** from the day before. You know what they say about karma…
While the federal tax code is still progressive, its progressivity has eroded, with a significant percentage of the richest now paying a much lower tax rate than the merely rich and the middle class. (Warren E. Buffett pays a lower tax rate than his secretary because most of her income comes in the form of wages that are subject to both federal income tax and the payroll tax while most of his income comes in the form of capital gains and dividends that are taxed at 15 percent and that are not subject to the payroll tax.)
Next we had a pint each of the excellent Summer Wine Brewery Gambit Golden Ale. A bit of a misnomer this, its only very slightly less pale than other 4 or 5% SWB beers and for all its claimed colour differences tastes very similar to their Zenith Pale ale. Not that this is a bad thing - lots of hops to quench the thirst plus some extra ones to tingle the tastebuds and the tongue, a very enjoyable pale beer.
take a kidney out of one person, put it in another, and have him
I spent a lot of time sighing and wondering how much use these skills would be when the world finally falls into apocalyptic chaos.
2 tsp concentrated pandan juice
1 sway
“The spaces between your fingers were created so that another could fill them”
Wyle is the second ER star to be arrested for protesting in recent weeks. Last month George Clooney was arrested protesting outside the Sudanese embassy in DC. Does anyone have Alex Kingston's number? I ask purely for activism purposes, obviously... *innocent face*
Blog:
his bags will arrive at 21.40hrs.
Level 3: Limb must be amputated. If it is in a critical location (ie torso, neck, head), the wound continues to do damage at a rate of 1 damage and -1 to all stats until either it heals or kills the character.
More. Oh, there's no more?
IP: Well, the 20mph zones are mostly all near schools. Because there was a nasty accident, years ago, two children were killed. It’s 20mph because at 20, a child is likely to survive, but at 30, a child is not likely to survive. And people like the speed bumps. I’m unsure if drivers will really obey speed laws unless the bumps are there.
One of the marbled-headed CCMystery7 girls does appear briefly (seriously: was her hair cut by a 2nd grader?) but it’s basically a T-ara -only affair.
no doubt the universe is unfolding as it should.
Story time I made the mistake of correcting his pronunciation of a word and he lost his shit and went Nam. He takes any sort of criticism so hard and when he’s tired he just can’t help himself. Dudette told him she loved him and left. I turned off the light and got into bed. He sat on the floor and hit himself in the head with the Dr. Seuss book we didn’t finish. I let it go because I knew he wouldn’t do any damage like that and I knew he desperately wanted a confrontation with me. So I closed my eyes. He went on for about a minute then stopped. As soon as he did I opened my eyes and looked at him with slight sympathetic ’I'm not mad’ smile. He started again and I closed my eyes. He stopped and says, “Who asked you to be in here?” I raised my head and said, “Do you want me to leave?”
When I started this blog, I was struggling to get a decent job. And don't get me wrong, I'm looking forward to it. Left to my own devices too long I regress to overgrown facial hair and stained t-shirts. But I felt like I was just getting the wheels to start turning with my art. I got a website together (sort of-- it is still a work in progress) and I had some promising prospects. But the universe can't wait forever for me to "explore my dreams" and I'm not exempt from the reality of bills any more than the rest of you. So time to do the responsible thing. Hopefully I can still carve out a little time to be creative. I may have to give up a reality show or two. I guess we all have to make sacrifices.
If you don’t have a belief or faith, but are pondering the thought of a different kind of spiritual walk and are asking, what now? This book is for you. If you have walked away or taken a break from the Christian life and are hesitant to go back, so you find yourself asking, what now? This book is for you. If you’re a Christian and have found yourself asking more and more questions about beliefs that you used to defend ruthlessly, for some reason they just don’t settle well anymore. This book is for you.
Poker Face – Lady Gaga
On average, our basic food costs have increased by an incredible 48% over the last year (measured by wheat, corn, oats, and canola prices). From the price at the pump to heating your stove, energy costs are up 23% on average (heating oil, gasoline, natural gas). A little protein at dinner is now 39% higher (beef and pork), and your morning cup of coffee with a little sugar has risen by 36% since last October.
The usual mix of the deep f*cking greencovered corporations and their fecal brownfaced NGOs are at it again. This time they have come up with a deep green branding campaign (what no Saatchi and Saatchi?) called FORTUNE’s first-ever Brainstorm: GREEN Conference.”
Doppelbock: Rich, sweet, malty, meant for meat. You haven’t lived until you’ve enjoyed Bavarian-style pork knuckle with Doppelbock.
Carly was mad her mom wouldn’t let her go to the movies with her friends. (I told you she was mad)
Cassandra – 13
While I'm at it, I'll share just a few more pics of my cute little store from the outside
Successfully completed “Managing Information Technology Projects”, a Masters-level course sanctioned by George Washington University and McMaster University
I've not read the book so I cannot recite
Like most cases that gain national attention, the Zimmerman-Martin ordeal has stirred emotional responses in people that often cause them to jump to conclusions before all the facts are available. There are several controversial issues at hand in this case, and advocates on all sides of these issues appear to be drawing conclusions in this case that help support their positions regarding these issues.
Flowers, Brads, Gems, Pins, Leaf & Buttons: From My Stash
The first part of the blog hop is you must leave a creative comment on each of the following blogs:
“Barack Obama” was prepping to step out as a political candidate!!
Sounds intense, doesn't it! Definitely going on my list to buy with holiday money!
Probably my favorite month usually. After all, it starts to get warmer (you know, during normal years when mother nature doesn’t say ‘fuck it’ and make it 85 degrees in February), the world is bright green again, and oh hey — my birthday!
“Writing is the hardest way of earning a living, with the possible exception of wrestling alligators.” - Olin Miller
Grossman notes that the range between losing your fine motor skills and losing your complex motor skills (115-145 beats per minute) is considered the optimal alertness state for fighters -- with a little training on how to manage the adrenaline. With extensive training, people can continue to function as they get into ranges where most people have frozen up or run away. People may not be able to do anything they haven't been trained on, which is why soldiers learn so many drills, but it's a valid way to keep them alive.
Ideally, submissions will include a carefully developed argument in response to a single issue. Such responses may include empirical work; critical literature reviews which form scholarly responses to relevant questions related to distance education in the schools sector; or contextualised accounts from the schools sectors that are linked to established theory in distance education. Engagement with recent scholarly publications is expected. All submissions will receive a minimum of two reviewers undertaken following a ‘double blind’ peer review process.
When we stop seeing such things as important, we disrespect them and the spirits become angry. Just look at the last few hundred years of human history for an illustration of my meaning.
- He did not offer to cut down on his or his wife's frivolous gallivanting around
The Brain asked me why I wouldn't look at this one lovely beauty when she'd writhe sexily on a mirrored support beam. It was because I had to see my own ugly pan and neck stump reflected. So I snapped very loudly, "The poles show I'm a head!"
McCormack provides the possibility for the most prominent theologian of the 20th century, and possibly the 21st century, to instruct evangelicals to faithfully engage the challenges of modernity/postmodernity. Like Barth, evangelicals must make ad hoc use of contemporary philosophy in answering the questions posed by the culture, answering with a yes but no. Evangelical pastors in particular have an obligation as professionals to critically appropriate the culture to more effectively minister to the culture, and engagement with Barth as a model will serve the Church better than reactionary, fearful disengagement.
My shoulders ache from eight hours completely hunched over my computer, and my forearms and wrists are singing from the prolonged use of the laptop instead of the desktop.
I then placed them tightly in the bottom of the casserole dish. Having melted about half a tablespoon of butter, I added a dash of sunflower oil and drizzled it over the veg.
I rarely make fondue, but only because Mister Man won't eat anything cheese and Little Miss can't eat dairy because of her allergy. This is perfect party food because it takes minimal prep and is ready super fast. Plus, it's another one that looks like you worked really hard even though you didn't.
The simple truth Captain is that the elites believe, through birth they have a right over all of us. This is hammered into them from an early age, the developing of psychopathy, in order to destroy any compassion and remove conscience. Not only do they think it's their right to own us, but with ownership they also believe they have the right to do whatever they want to with their belongings. They want to kill us. They want to kill 90% of the world's population and bring it down to around 500m people. This is just too difficult to bear for me at times, because who in the fuck do they think they are to think the way they do? Worse still they get away with it, for obvious reasons. You may never have heard of the Georgia guidestones before so if not have a read:
Don't forget to add patterned paper to the bottom of your roof BEFORE adhering it to the wooden frame... just trust me! ;-)
Build a tepee
I wish I hadn't waited so long to change.
SCS is having challenges daily throughout the month of October.
I’ve got back into Romantic Literature again, i wish i hadn’t – the realisation that i’m not going to find a Mr Darcy, Mr Rochester or a Heathcliff, hurts.
Row 1- ch2, 6sc in 2nd ch. (6) do not join.
Directed by Annie J. Howell and Lisa Robinson, the film opens May 11th at Cinema Village in NYC (22 E. 12th Street). Cast includes Anna Margaret Hollyman, Richard Hoag, Andre Holland, Sarah Rafferty, Mary Beth Peil, and Susan Kelechi Watson.
Small wonder these people are confused about their own identity! A "trekBoer", a "grensBoer", a "Voortrekker" and a "Boer" all refer to exactly the same people who had founded and supported the Independent Boer Republics of Natalia, the Orange Free State and the Transvaal (ZAR) and who were independent citizens in their own democratic republics for about fifty years before the British destroyed them in their ethnic-cleansing campaign.
And there’s diamonds and pearls in your hair, yes there are.
Next: Mulling and Tubing Your Own Paint!
See anything wrong with this?!?!
the same notes hung upon a prior’s door.
Whenever you meet his girlfriend you're really pleased that she seems so right for him, you're delighted that she takes such an interest in his adopted family, that she's happy to spend time in the village, decorating plastic ducks for the duck race, talking about knitting and sewing, visiting the allotment. You know though, that she's only here on a visa and sooner or later she'll have to leave. That day comes round much too quickly and without understanding how the time has sped so fast, you find yourself saying a hurried goodbye of hugs and tears at a railway station, wishing her good luck as she sets off for another continent.
Jesus uses the phrase “Son of Man” to refer to Himself more than any other title, and so it seems to have a religious/positive connotation. It seems unlikely that the Bible would describe someone as the offspring of man and intend it as a derogatory term and yet use it of the prophets and Jesus himself. So, I think that knocks out “Option #1″ at least in specifics, although, the general idea remains that the “ungodly” intermarried with the “godly.”
Why did we plant wheat? First, because it was the only cover crop seed that we had at the farm. We bought it at Top Shelf in Duncan on a whim. Second, because it will look nice in the fall when M and kids return from Ontario. Third, the leftover seed from the 25kg sack can been used as chicken feed and for human food.
With things coming up so great today, i can only imagine what kind of hell awaits me for tomorrow. In the great words of Conor Oberst (Lead singer of Bright Eyes for those who live under a rock) “First a mother Bathes her child, then the other way around, the scales always find a way to level out…”
Scene card for 1939's "Backdoor to Heaven" featuring the always excellent Wallace Ford in a rare starring role. A downbeat film but nicely done, well worth a look.
Ford – Full Of Rotten Defects, Found On Rubbish Dump, spelt backwards = Driver Returns On Foot
Quote of the Day:
It seems to be only American producers who are turning away from age statements. In the scotch segment we're seeing more, not fewer.
ice cream taste test (all summer)
D was coming out of school this pm, she was late so there were pupils and school bus escorts around. One boy went past and hit her three times. The escort didn’t seem to notice and D didn’t want to go back into school to talk to his teacher so I’ll do that after drop-off tomorrow morning. She wasn’t happy all the way home and more unhappy once we got home, saving it up!
“How am I going to get any sleep when you’re making all that noise?” I asked. They quieted down, and hoped I’d fall asleep.
The DOJ has stepped into a business it doesn’t understand at all, and it is tilting the outcome against those who are trying to play by the rules.
Today I need to start our Bologna ‘hot list’. The book fair is only a month away, and Sarah and I will sit side by side and pitch our new projects like demons. So much fun.
Secondly, getting people to work. This president has failed the American people.
Where do I start? My biggest anxiety is the human race losing the ability to see right from wrong,–the ability to pick up a rock and hurt someone. I look at all the injustice and the crime rates. We are citizens of this world whether we like it or not. We have a responsibility to take care of the earth and take care of the people on the earth. Why and how did humans get it in their heads that it is okay to kill people? These people that are being killed have mothers and family members. The thing that makes us human is kindness. I worry about all the kids in high school committing suicide because of bullying. Did their parents not teach them to be kind?
It doesent matter how much im trying to prepear on sunday evenings, its always maniac monday over here,lol.
I found that people were so receptive to a friendly face, even from a passing stranger, and every time it started a short dialogue. It made me happier to see I made them smile so I can only imagine that it made them happy too! And everyone loves ‘happy’ in small unexpected doses!
Me balls! He stood up, splashed across the room and knocked the telly into the water. It was up to his knees now.
Next morning, strain the custard through a sieve and add the rum (about 6 tablespoons*) to the ice cream base while reserving the raisins to be added later at the end of the churning process.
it was always dinosaurs.
Over the years I've learned to totally lighten up on the apparel when traveling.
fingertip steps that salute me
Another journal article that was mentioned in the 2011 journal paper. Female synaesthete musician E.S. is compared with five non-synaesthete musicians. E.S. experiences flavoured musical tone intervals, which she uses to identify these intervals. It appears that this paper is about the same musician synaesthete with perfect pitch as the one described in the 2008 NeuroImage paper above.
except, right now, about the clock
Then it was full on until about one o'clock in the morning and a similar process repeated on Tuesday.
Maybe “I love you” was never really the truth.
Mud Boys new roof for his little car arrived and it stinks to high heaven, even through the box packaging of plastic chemicals. That stayed out in the porch! Phewie!! His old one has ripped and he's got this new one to fit, no doubt that will be his job this coming weekend. With all this rain, it's an essential motoring requirement - to have a waterproof roof, otherwise you get soggy seats and a wet backside!
I realize this isn't the world's best picture, but it's mostly just to prove that I actually tried applique. This is my practice piece, and if it isn't too horrible I'll show it to you when it's finished. :)
2) I could never— in a million years— expect anyone to learn all 620 odd verbs.
Ribbon & rhinestones: My stash
(summary by Sarah W.)
One week has passed since 30 members of Congress sent a joint letter to United States Department of Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack asking for an explanation of what the USDA has done to correct what the representatives described as widespread misinformation about lean finely texture beef, also known as “LFTB” or “pink slime.”
Reading this description you can picture the garden as beautiful while being functional. The Read House in Delaware has a kitchen garden that was built in the late 1800's. It's been restored and is described as:
Red and orange
Black suede shorts, perfect with tights when it gets colder...
Recipe from Smittenkitchen
Hurtled to Earth in a giant wind tunnel, Thor almost hits a car full of three scientist explorers. One of these is a dedicated but perky genius named Jane (played by Natalie Portman; more on this later.)
So how can we make prison a less hellish place? See The Prison Hospital for ideas.
Mineral oil is something you’ll want to steer clear of if you can! It’s hard, because many companies, even the prestige brands, use mineral oil as a filler so they can use less of the actual product and fill their container. There are a lot of debates on if mineral oil is actually damaging or harmful to you or your skin. I can only speak on my personal research and results, which have been that anytime a skin care product has mineral oil in it, my skin actually gets worse. Heres why….
(1 Corinthians 16:15 ESV)
A few of us ordered the 5 Euros tapas platters for something a bit more substantial to nibble on than just their nicely roasted peanuts that came with our drinks. Square black slate plates arrived topped with a variety goodies such as deep fried calamari, shrimp, and toasts with a sort of tapanade. Although initially I hadn’t held high hopes for the food, I was pleasantly surprised and think it might have been the best deal of the evening.
For More Information Contact: Abby Mayers
Brewed: 07-20-2008
Here, I think, is where the Neo-Catholic Conservatives and the sedevacantists are surprisingly similar to each other. Both fall into the same error of making the Church's Magisterium into an absolute. Whatever the Magisterium says must be accepted, no matter the nature of the pronouncements.
Also, before the rules which would be introduced at the end of the 18th century and further developed in the 19th century it was much more of a ‘no holds barred’ form of conflict. Quick research into fighting manuals and instruction books of the day will provide evidence of throws and locks, eye-gouging, head-butting and even open palmed strikes. There are even indicators that kicking was involved. Certainly when an opponent got you to the ground he was allowed to kick you where you lay, a practice known as ‘purring’. This sounds so rough and ready that many readers may form the impression that such combat was just scrappy ‘free for all’ brawling.
Professional salvors are onboard the Shen Neng 1 this morning to begin the process of salvaging the grounded Chinese bulk coal carrier.
As I was leaving a comment on Monica's post it suddenly struck me: all I need do to safeguard ideas that may in the future be useful (fleshable), not to mention to-dos that have yet to be done, is take a snap of the wall before each wiping. Or, better still, every morning. This means when I get a new idea and need to jot it down before it evaporates I'll be able to clear a space for it without having to stop and find my camera. Which, lets face it, I'm unlikely to be bothered to do. So that's that then: every morning when I sit down with a cup of tea at my desk I will pick up my camera and take a shot of my wall. Here's the first one (be prepared to get very tired of this):
It’s all about the baby steps!
....The alien that covered each sweet spot,,,,, won.....BREAD, and a date with me to utilize it..
Who ‘owns’ The Birth of a Nation?
Many people believed deeply in Edwards and felt his series of betrayals personally; they cared about him, which made what he did all the worse. He was supposed to be a different kind of politician but wound up being the same old kind of politician. The trial then amounts to a cathartic moment for many of his one-time fans.
Controls: 9/10- LADX still handles pretty well on a 3DS, and thanks to the overhead view that now allows Link to move in any direction, as opposed to the rigid four cardinal directions in the original NES game, controlling Link with the Circle Pad is just as viable as controlling him with the Control Pad. Personally, I still prefer moving him with the Control Pad, but that’s just me. It can be a little hard on your hands to have to keep hitting the massively squished in, padded Start button on the 3DS due to how often LADX necessitates you pulling up your inventory and rearranging your items, but that’s really the only minor issue with the controls moving themselves to the 3DS. You still assign all of your items to either the A or B buttons, which are placed in the same fashion as they were on a Game Boy and Game Boy Color, so the controls have really changed very little, even if the eShop download is on immensely different hardware now!
“Elles” a French film about student prostitution was released 3 days ago. It is the creation of feminist film director, Malgorzata Szumowska who attempts to stamp out western attitudes to prostitution, and instead of constructing repressed women forced into sex work, Szumowska tells us that sex is a commodity, bought and sold in ways that go beyond traditional prostitution. Instead it is the suburban housewife who is trapped, trapped in a marriage where sex is sold for her domesticity, and the student prostitutes are the ones who are ultimately freed by their unashamed sexual liberty.
I wish all of them never come back or ever call.
Instant espresso powder- 2 tsp per cup (1 tsp if you don't want it too strong)
Which authors do you like to read? What books are currently stacked in your "To Be Read" pile right now?
sampradāya-vihīnā ye
Exodus 12:22: And ye shall take a bunch of hyssop, and dip it in the blood that is in the basin, and strike the lintel and the two side posts with the blood that is in the basin; and none of you shall go out at the door of his house until the morning.
Holding the thread taut with in your left hand, turn the needle downward and start to take it to the back a few threads away. (If you try to use the same hole, the knot is very likely to pull back through and disappear). With the tip of the needle inside the hole, slide the knot down the needle onto the fabric pulling the thread taut with your left hand at the same time. This is where the tension comes in. If you pull the knot too tightly, the eye of the needle won’t fit through the knot as the thread goes to the back. If it’s too loose you’ll get a sloppy knot that won’t lay flat.
3 sweet spring onions, chopped
When the call came I was in a taxi near the Ecole Normale Superieure (in Quartier du Fleuve), where a normally two-way street had suddenly and quite spontaneously become one-way east-bound, with both lanes moving in the same direction, albeit slowly due to heavy congestion. I heard a few shots fired near the Central Bank tower but couldn’t see where they’d come from or what caused them.
2tbsp treacle
And to my incredibly special Mom......I love you sooo much, it seems we often say the least to those we love the most, but I do hope you know just how much I love, cherish and adore you, and that I hit the family jackpot to have you and dad as my parents! You are truly one in a million:) Thank you thank you thank you for being you. See everyone on Monday!
- Price: Only 30 euro
I danced from the age of four to thirteen. Then cheered for three years. I miss all of it. Being part of a team, practice, games, competitions.. it's the only thing I'd go back to high school for.
Recently American and French scientists as well as other countries that are conducting surveys in areas of the seabed of the Bermuda Triangle, claim to have found a pyramid standing upright on the seabed that has never been discovered. The length of the base of this pyramid reached 300 meters, 200 meters height, and distance from base to the tip of the pyramid is about 100 meters above the sea floor. Preliminary results show this structure to be made of glass or a glass-like (crystal?) material, as it is entirely smooth and partially translucent.
Hamish was at hospital again much of last week, so Watson was helping me with the laundry.
Once all of that was blended, but not overmixed, I separated the batters. One batter had 2 T of unsweetened cocoa and 1 cup of miniature marshmallows added to it, and the other batter had 1/2 cup of miniature chocolate chips added. I greased 6 medium sized mugs and layered the batters in each mug to about 2/3 of the way full. I put them on baking sheet and cooked for about 20 minutes. Watch to be sure they don't overcook because of the marshmallows which could burn easily.
And he brushed me off.
At this time, we can never be truly certain of who is winning, particularly since both sides, the military and the militants, are not just fighting a tangible offensive, but are also trying win a war of perceptions. As the numerous media reports roll in, it is important to look beyond the headlines and remember what is realistic. According to Dawn’s Cyril Almeida, we do know that the rise of militancy is a more dangerous problem than it was five, six, or even seven years ago. However, he noted, “Even if they number in the tens of thousands, the militants today can’t really overrun the country and knock over the state. What they can do though is push us into a low-level equilibrium, where violence is endemic, security scarce, the economy is in the doldrums and quality of life is on the wane.” That in itself is obviously a very dangerous development.
Believe it or not, I still have been training. Albeit, it has been about a week since I have focused on my actual plan. Right before I left, I was able to knock out 14 agonizing, long slow miles. I was able to do them just under the time cut off for the marathon. Yay me. This week, I am going to make my return to Hot Yoga and get an ass whoopin' from the trainer. It has only been a week out of my routine, but it feels like a year!
Summation: Part of the Patina Group. Need I say more? Actually, I can't at the moment as I haven't eaten here yet - but it looks like this is where all the high-powered lawyers go for lunch!
VIVIENNE: I get I ideas from reading other books, and people watching.
Long time no see, yeah I know. Missed me? Haha!~
Down behind the Cottage by the Sea, on a beach with at least three names, fingers of rock push out from the sand and into the sea. I walk backwards into the sea – a kind of evolution in reverse – turn and drop into the water and float. A few fin flips pushes me toward the rocks and the tiny marine cliffs that burst from the sea sand floor. Life explodes around me. As I swim along the edge of the rocks my left side is brushed with weed and watched by hidden eyes. To my right is the bright expanse of sand and sun speckle, but little else. I keep moving and the rocks become more complex. The movement of water has carved out deep places, swimming pools with the edges always under water. I duck dive into them and scatter fish before me. A shoal of Yellow Eyed Mullet pass by near the surface – silver and slinky, primary school fish, typical fish. Wrasse dart under weed curtains, salmon depart and a zebra striped fish drifts past with what seems to be an over confident air.
Little Miss did go from the bassinet to a cot in her own room at three months, but I do find myself cuddling upto my little girl some nights, and that’s fine with me. After experience, I know that she will quite happily sleep in her own room and will not be in our bed until she leaves home!
Ed Crane (Billy Bob Thornton) goes about the business of cutting hair with a stoic resignation. He’s stuck in a rut and has no clue how to get out. When Crane discovers that his bookkeeper wife, Doris (Frances McDormand) is having an affair with Big Dave (James Gandolfini), her boss at Nirdlinger’s department store, the gears of change start turning.
I actually want some for a practical purpose - ACTUALLY.
Your priorities may change over time, so it’s important to think about how your needs change as your situation changes. Right now my main focus is on getting water, small emergency kits with a variety of supplies, and food. My suggestion to you this week is to make a list of your own priorities, and set up a way for you to slowly meet those needs. Set yourself up for success by creating recognizable milestones and taking small steps each week or month.
I have two suggestions besides making sure you write as simply as possible.
In the book I answer the lies that Jesus didn’t exist, that Christians oppose progress, are scared of science, that they’re obsessed with abortion, that they’re racist and supported slavery, that Hitler was a Christian, and so on.
Despite the “grunge” look the drink list was pretty expensive. I think every drink we bought was around $19. The drinks though were well worth the splurge because of the creative presentation and quality of the alcohol.
I spent my nights studying for the next day
my daughter playing sweetly with the rest of her class (and the preschool minister) on a parachute game.
Ana Gloria Pocasangre de Barrera, 49, San Salvador, El Salvador
Pandora is the scapegoat
…let us call a halt, and get into such living relationship with God that our relationship to others may be maintained on the line of intercession whereby God works His marvels…
our customers expect from us? Where do gaps exist, and how big are they?
Now, my point, this evening she entered the pinecone candle wreath in nature crafts and her little felt hearts in hand stitching at the open class at our county fair. She is positutley delighted with this. I am so proud of her. I hope she will always enjoy crafting. It can give her a lifetime of joy.
It is part of Cinderella’s virtue that she bears no scars from her mistreatment — her shabby dress and shedding broom are the only signs of the painful cage she’s been imprisoned in. Yet the fact that Cinderella’s unflagging goodness constantly translates into smooth, flowing steps — always humble and pretty — can get wearing.
was a case where the
The only people, I give a fuck about being CREDIBLE with, are those who VALUE 100% HONESTY, the truth, the whole truth and nothing but the truth, NOT ONLY IN WORDS, BUT IN TONE OF VOICE, AND IN BODY LANGUAGE!!!
Geez does it seem like I talk about a lot of non follow through adventures on here or is it just me?
I respect Sandberg. And I respect my female mentor. But they are both golden children. Both had sponsors. I’ve seen many more women without sponsors who have not succeeded. Who get a “rep” from one group of boys and couldn’t shake it. Management chose to believe the gossipy sensations of a bunch of insecure young men over trusting the woman’s actual work output. And it’s not just women, right? If you don’t fit into whatever your cool club is at work you’re left out. And having these confident golden children tell us we’re just being too negative or as Sandberg puts it “slowing down” shows they don’t understand how lucky they’ve had it. That not everyone else will walk the same path.
Paula Hrbacek
“I do not believe he is, but I keep watch just the same.”
BBC (Main & Clay) Bearded Pat’s Barley Wine (2009) 11%
That is, after she chattered about how this is the best time to read the book since the movie will be out on Friday and that I would love it and will be hooked as soon as I begin. I replied with an unconvinced, “Yeah, sure,” to which she nodded before moving on to find another customer to ambush. I proceeded to checkout.
I have been waiting patiently to find the right image to go with my little Haagen-Dazs popsicle sticks. We had these treats in January and I just knew if I saved the sticks that I could eventually use them on a card. I found a freebie from Pattie's Creations - must have been my lucky day!
The federal push to standardize regulation can have a profound effect on insurance producers, forcing them to become financial advisors. Eric Thomes, chairman of the National Association for Fixed Annuities (NAFA), said that it will not serve the business or clients well.
“Unlike most real markets,” wrote Henningsen, “the carbon market was created by banks and governments so that new investment opportunities could seamlessly dovetail with specific government policies. It’s a fantasy casino based on a doctrine of pure science fiction.”
I'm hoping that a fresh space will give me the courage I need to do the new things I'd like to do with my writing. I'd love to see you there.
his calls.
Or dime affer dime… as Colton pronounced it. What was that? He was so nasily… like he suddenly had a cold. He did a version of this song which he took from the band
A faint smile crossed Sandra’s face, but then she shook her head: “I couldn’t do that to another woman. Besides, she’d know it was a hoax if she hadn’t been to the clinic.”
4. We also sell rabbit meat, wool, lamb and eggs.
The benefits of taking up Karate are tremendous. Joining a dojo (training hall) can lead to making friends and a great sense of camaraderie can be gained as you commence your journey at white belt and progress through your journey with the prestigious ultimate reward of black belt being in your sights.
So, if you want to show one particular thing in your photo and the rest isn’t important, at least not for that photo, choose a low F number. It doesn’t always have to be the lowest one your camera allows. See what works for that subject matter.
Well, except there’s that pesky problem of too much freedom. Nick Saban may be happy to find that open roster spot, but his joy may be tempered by the departing youngster contemplating enrolling at a rival program. Or worse, what if the light bulb goes off and multiple players realize that this gives them the opportunity to be recruited all over again (what Infante calls a “transfer market”)? Most coaches – certainly most successful coaches – are control freaks. A transfer market isn’t likely to be a development they welcome.
Mike Shanahan’s record with quarterbacks, as of late, has not been good. The trade for Donovan McNabb was ill advised and subsequent handling of the veteran was shoddy and a distraction. Mike and Kyle (O-coordinator) Shanahan’s propensity to squeeze quarterbacks into a system, rather than build a system around a quarterback, is the main concern. I watched McNabb operate for years in Philadelphia and when Andy Reid converted him to a pocket passer, he lost his effectiveness. It take courage at the NFL level to play to your guy’s strengths rather than avoiding injuries. I love what Carolina is doing with Cam Newton in this regard. RG3 is a mobile quarterback and Kyle Shanahan had great success in Houston with Matt Schaub who is a pocket passer, and seems wedded to a system ill-suited for RG3. Here’s hoping the Shanahans can adjust their thinking. Also the shortsightedness of even giving Beck a chance was a negative ding because this guy was not even close to NFL caliber and Shanahan should have seen that. Why did he sit on the bench for five years in Miami? Anyone with enough talent to play the position would have gotten a chance and Shanahan has been around the game long enough not to get fooled by that.
Mark Beard (1 book of Polaroid transfers, 1992)
My next door neighbors have a beautiful bush that yields lovely pinkish-purple blooms. They are big and I have admired them daily. When I walked over today to snapture them, I realized I was almost too late. Beauty fades so quickly, but cherishing something or someone can last forever.
2 tbsp cold unsalted butter cut into pieces
At first I think Olly was just happy to be jumping, but then got bored...quickly. He was basically just trotting over the cavaletti-esk jumps I made. I did add a few ground rails at the far end of the arena.
Subsequently, the party of the first part did observe, with some degree of wonder and/or disbelief, a miniature sleigh (hereinafter, "the Vehicle") being pulled and/or drawn very rapidly through the air by approximately eight (8) reindeer. The driver of said Vehicle appeared by all accounts to be, and it is hereby asserted was in fact, the aforementioned Claus.
Given that my book covers Achilles’ entire life, including his education at the hands (hooves?) of Chiron, I knew that I would be including him in my book. At first, I will admit, I was a bit daunted. But Chiron quickly became one of my favorite characters to imagine and write, and I particularly identified with him as a teacher, since that’s what I am. Here’s some of what Achilles and Patroclus learn from him:
It is witnessing only silence when the child should be babbling,
May is National Barbecue Month, like we need a reason to BBQ.
Whenever we experience something difficult in our personal life, we are tempted to blame God. But we are the ones in the wrong, not God. Blaming God is evidence that we are refusing to let go of some disobedience somewhere in our lives. But as soon as we let go, everything becomes as clear as daylight to us. As long as we try to serve two masters, ourselves and God, there will be difficulties combined with doubt and confusion. Our attitude must be one of complete reliance on God. Once we get to that point, there is nothing easier than living the life of a saint.
This brings me to present day. Ben apparently loves birds. I’ve strongly put my foot down about birds in my house. It’s a no. When I see birds I do NOT hear the soft music playing. I do not picture a Normal Rockwell. I picture a scene straight out of the Alfred Hitchcock movie. He was bummed, to say the least, but he’s adapted. He has “pet” birds that live in the tree outside our house. He’s pretty sure their names are Blue and Rainbow, that they’re married, and are planning to have a couple kids this spring. He made them a bird feeder, and every day takes them some pretzels, fish crackers and occasionally an oreo cookie to sustain them.
While I wish the news story would have also referenced the roll of ransoms and zakat in “filling the coffers of rebels,” it is fair to point out the disturbing increase in Al Qaeda activity in the region. On last night’s PBS NewsHour, former CIA station chief Luis Rueda warned that Mali and Mauritania could be the new hotbeds for Al Qaeda activity worldwide. We ignore this trend at our own peril.
He hemmed. He hawed. Then finally:
Also turn it around if you see only one side browning.
Early one summer morning, Matthew Bishop kisses his still-sleeping wife Marissa, gets dressed and eases his truck through Milwaukee, bound for the highway. His wife, pregnant with their first child, has asked him to find the antique cradle taken years before by her mother Caroline when she abandoned Marissa, never to contact her daughter again. Soon to be a mother herself, Marissa now dreams of nothing else but bringing her baby home to the cradle she herself slept in. His wife does not know-does not want to know-where her mother lives, but Matt has an address for Caroline's sister near by and with any luck, he will be home in time for dinner.
Reilly made it there in ten. Jacobs rushed to open the car door, jumping down his throat before his foot touched the ground.
6:00 PM. It started to snow. The first snow of the season and the wife and I took our cocktails and sat for hours by the window watching the huge soft flakes drift down from heaven. It looked like a Grandma Moses Print. So romantic we felt like newlyweds again. I love snow!
I have absolutely no evidence that's what the Muslim Contact Unit is. I just find it very peculiar that, of all the available officers, they chose two of the country's most experienced undercover infiltrators to set up and run it.
AC: Are menus sent home so parents know what their kids are eating?
Is this the beginning of the end? Is there a massive meteor out there in deep space hurling toward earth with direct intent of the destruction of our watered down state of humanity? Our politicians are fighting, our economy is teetering on the cliff, The NFL will be on strike and Mel Gibson is in love, again.
Here we are before, a valence is the perfect window treatment in this room situation and these had nice bones, so why not re-use them?
A highly successful jockey, Dessie Hughes (born October 10, 1943) partnered Davy Lad to win the 1977 Cheltenham Gold Cup and returned to Prestbury Park three years later to ride Monksfield to victory in the Champion Hurdle. He had four rides in the Grand National, including Davy Lad, but never managed to complete the course. Having always had one eye on the future, Dessie prepared his yard for three years before finally taking out a training licence in 1980 and the winners soon started flowing, including a first Cheltenham Festival victory as a trainer when Miller Hall took the 1982 Supreme Novices’ Hurdle. His yard was struck down by a persistent fungal problem in the late 1980s which resulted in Hughes enduring several years of poor form, but the trainer began churning out the winners again in the late 1990s, with horses such as Guest Performance, Rathbawn Prince and Grade One winner Colonel Braxton being standard bearers. But it would be Hardy Eustace who would provide Hughes with some of his finest hours as a trainer. Owned by long-standing patron Lar Byrne, the Archway gelding won the Grade One Ballymore Properties Novices’ Hurdle at the 2003 Cheltenham Festival before returning a year later take the Champion Hurdle under a superbly judged ride from Conor O’Dwyer. Hardy Eustace went on to victory at the Punchestown Festival and returned to Prestbury Park the following year for another victory in the Champion Hurdle, becoming the first horse since Istabraq to successfully defend his crown. Central House was another outstanding performer for Hughes, winning five Grade Two contests as well as a Grade One Novices’ Chase at Leopardstown. Schindlers Hunt emerged as another star, winning two Grade One events as a novice chaser and finishing the head runner-up in the Grade One John Smith’s Melling Chase at Aintree in 2009.This season Hughes has unleashed another exciting novice hurdler in the shape of Lyreen Legend, an impressive winner of a Grade Two novice hurdle at Thurles in February. He also holds the notable feat of saddling a winner on nine consecutive racing days during the 2006 Christmas period. His son Richard is a leading Flat jockey in Britain.
931 comments
Portrait painter De Saix Gernes, who attended kindergarten with Kraft and remained close to him throughout his life, remembers her whimsical pal as “a great con man.” “We all loved him,” Gernes said. “I would not call Arthur a genius, but he was unusual. He was a poet always. Very sociable. Charming. Witty. Fun. He entertained us.”
I have a solution : implement a long-press on the top bar which will make the currently active app jump to the top of the view.
On our way up to the high school (where the contest took place) we had time to meet up with our family's and have them give us last minute advice and hugs. For anyone who knows me you can imagine how stressed out and "queenzilla." Thankfully my loving caring guy (Travis) didn't freak out on me as he came strolling in on his own time with a cute boquet of flowers. The silly boy is new to the flower buying business so when he handed them to me he I quote said, "I would have gotten you roses, but those sure cost a lot. I would have also bought you a bigger boquet but even these were expensive!" ...yup, thank's my man.
Once Roberto crosses the border into California, the movie becomes something of a road film. We see Roberto move around from job to job, mostly as a day worker picking fruits and vegetables. Through these jobs he meets a Chicano and fellow worker named Joe (Trinidad Silva), a genial man determined to teach Roberto English and about American culture. Young had described ¡Alambrista! as a guerrilla film, something that is especially obvious in scenes where Roberto interacts with Joe and other paisanos; the men share great unscripted moments in which they laugh and converse—moments which Young admited would be very difficult to plan. Young also made use of a largely unprofessional cast; all the undocumented workers and all of the border patrol officers used on film were just playing themselves. In one scene a young Edward James Olmos’ character is a drunken nuisance screaming at a group of men waiting to be given work. Two hidden cameras were present for the scene, including one handled by Young, who also moonlighted as the film’s cinematographer.
Will never disappear
After receiving strange orders from superiors to keep away from HG World, McInnes and Grant turn their attention to the Happy Valley Militia, a quasi-military government reaching out from north-central Pennsylvania to control large sections of the state. As the public begins turning to these groups for help in the absence of a central government, rumors circulate of the mysterious “Generals” and their carnival-styled camps popping up in the western part of the state. Inside and under cover, Grant and McInnes find every kind of excess imaginable. Everything is for sale or trade. But what’s beneath the surface?
posted by Research-China.Org at
(2) It is true, his figures are very strong, but no stronger than are used by the ancient prophets upon similar occasions.
When asked to comment about the “gang of 10″ HSU secretaries trying to oust her, she said, “Good luck.
Hooray! I made it all three days without feeling hungry, and I feel fantastic. I had fun today picking out new recipes to cook the rest of this week. I'm excited about a deliciously simple Indian dish to share tomorrow.
3) The minds of the other people there went into red alert mode (as it always does whenever goblins are brought up) and they were unable to focus on the discussion that Fjordman had intended. The room becomes a pandemonium of heated arguments about how many problems that are due to goblins, while others claim that goblins do not exist (at least not as a group, at least not if you say something negative about them as a group). Next someone calls out that there are actually goblins present in the room, and the goblin says that this is a goblin room, and someone else says that we should always stand by World of Warcraft, etc. No one manages to focus on Fjordman's article, or on America, France or the Enlightenment.
You don’t play……..you don’t get paid..
I know that sounds simple but it was not in that moment. You see the thought became acute, real, powerful, life giving. My heart felt like it was about to burst. He will REIGN over my heart FOREVER!! You see there is nothing simple about FOREVER!! And this was the kicker:
I also am finding this idea of Author Apps to be a distraction from marketing plans that can really help the author. I don’t see how an Author App can help, unless you go viral, and by then all means, go Ape on the Apps. But since you went viral, people will know to go look for you and your App.
your warm heart
Here are some pictures of our week:
You can also sneak around. Shoot from far away with a long lens. You can stand far away and capture moments from people when they have no idea that you're photographing them. You can get the best pictures of people when they don't know that you're taking them. Go into stealth mode. Catch moments through windows. Capture times when people are way into something and focused there.
We started on King street (one of the main arteries of the city that is known for its fantastic shopping), putzing in and out of stores, shopping, exploring and wandering.
Organize all my iTunes music/music on my computer/music on CD's etc so I can find what I'm looking for, delete songs I don't like/have multiples of, and create new, organized playlists.
After the laughter died down from the Chairman’s Nephew’s pristine roundhouse air kicks, Starkwell and Lovelock got bored. Real bored. And no amount of guys in rubber zombie suits would be able to change that. Every now and then it fades to black like it’s going to cut to commercials. Lovelock says “I could go for a commercial right about now”.
I've had a pretty rough 2 years, but 2012 is going to be different. I haven't felt that the last two years. I think I even faked it a time or two and tried to make other people believe that. This year I believe it. I'm a Star Trek Next Generation fan, so my next statement will only sound stupid if you don't watch that show.
Shortly after Nifong removed himself from the case, the Bar amended its ethics complaint against him. Focused on his decision to enter into an intentional agreement with Dr. Meehan to withhold exculpatory evidence, the Bar accused Nifong of not only massive ethics violations, but also of repeatedly lying to the court, breaking three state laws, and violating the Constitution. In many ways, the disgraced DA was his own enemy: he offered no fewer than 11 separate (and often mutually contradictory) explanations for the decision to withhold the DNA.
The items in the Candy are
“Why?” Connor asked, doing as requested.
where each wary step is
An NHS Athens account may be required to view this in full.
I needed something that would bake quickly so we got a little of both.
Would you draw me from my home?
Uncle Andy has fled with his nephew Shane, to Nancy's sisters house in Oakland. You see, Nancy figured "Oakland" would be a safer place for her son, Shane. Oakland people. How safe is Oakland? I've watched that video of the 67 year old Vietnam Vet Tom Slick beat the hell out of a guy on the bus to the point of "leaking."
There is left no place,
It is in fact all the more venerated in that it is the less hackneyed through frequent use. People respond deeply to the sublime poetry of the words – especially the first verse, which is usually the only one sung – and the solemn and moving music finds its way right to the hearts of Icelanders.
Writing for a long time always makes me feel like a toadstool, cemented in place, ironically wishing that I could look as good as all the characters I write about.
Make social everyone’s job: As powerful as we’ve heard social media is, it doesn’t work when you lock it in a closet and make it Marketing’s job. Or IT’s. Or the job of that new intern you just hired. Social media is everyone’s job because everyone in your organization is touching your customers in one way or another. Maybe they’re answering the service line when they call. Or they’re writing content to engage them on your Web site. Or they’re meeting them face-to-face to perform a service. By integrating social media tasks into your employees’ day you make your company more accountable to what they’re providing to your customers and more aware. A company that’s constantly engaging is a company today’s consumer wants to be associated with.
Starring: Lana Turner and John Garfield
As you all will know, introducing our Belgian interior design and craftsmanship to the world, is also one of the reasons I started my blog a few years ago.
Howdy – ok, so my daughter Eden was 100% uninterested in taking three adorable photos holding the names of the book winners, so I went for the next best thing…post it notes on a wall.
that you too have ruthless desires to achieve,
So, please, let us have a day of sleep, Houston. Remember, only YOU can prevent us from having a Sleep Day.
I just need to find a daily lotion that has gradual tanner in it, to just keep my tan looking fresh!
So really, it is a win-win situation for everyone but the neighbors.
22b.Die In
Stamps & dies from Hero Arts
Ali was fighting for a dream.
- I love Paris
You know what happens when you do it just because you want to look better in your jeans or just so you can be thinner than the woman standing next to you in line? It doesn't work! It isn't enough (at least for me) to work out so that I can be thin. It has to be about my health... my physical health and my mental health. It's about not getting sick, keeping my cholesterol in check, having strong bones and muscles. It's about being able to relieve stress and push myself to do more which makes me feel better about myself and my future.
I took it upon myself to paint his t-shirt. I needed to let out some creative energy and drew inspiration from his favorite book.
It seems to be a matter of being honest with ourselves about what we value most (like safety vs challenge) and the stuff we can't change (like hard wiring and height) and then working the details around the edges.
There are small caves built into the side of the cliffs. These use to house monks that regularly lived and prayed on site. Most of the holes are still there, just inaccessible, but I found it a little amusing to see the little doors in the middle of a cliff wall (they're there to protect cave art and artifacts).
I'll leave you with today's photos, they have nothing to do with fighting, racing, shooting, killing, or explosions but they do make me feel all warm and fuzzy and happy (in honor of having my school drama all taken care of)
MAKE A DECISION
The next morning, Yi Gak and Se Na meet in front of his fake grandma’s house. He tells her to get lost and that he’d deal with the broken engagement on his own. Inside, he meets with grandma and Tae Mu and his dad and she brushes off any talk of the disengagement. All she cares about is preparing Tae Yong for the role of CEO which infuriates Tae Mu and his dad since they don’t think he deserves it. She tells them to lend their support.
I imagine it would be a fascinating sight to witness the formation of planets and we get such a small glimpse in Genesis chapter one. God, in one chapter, forms all of the physical world and as we read, we don’t often realize this, but we are witnesses to this from a perspective along side the creator; this does not happen very often.
“It’s certainly cold for this time of year, particularly for a May Bank Holiday weekend,” a Met Office spokesman said.
So we ordered our food and I ordered the BEER! They had three brews on offer a dark Dunkel , a Weizen and a wait for it a........ Lager!!
Demonstrations & Protests:
Publisher: Bantam Books
So everyday when I drive to the office I akan rasa sleeeeepyyy yang takleh dibendung until one day I kena berhenti tepi and take a nap for few minutes and patah balik rumah after that.
1 ½ tsp ground ginger
i am going...
Earlier this month, Wisconsin Judge Patrick J. Fiedler issued a response to the Farm-to-Consumer Legal Defense Fund regarding the Constitutionality of food rights. In his response, Judge Fiedler stated “Plaintiffs do not have a fundamental right to consume the milk from their own cow.” He then went further stating, “Plaintiffs do not have a fundamental right to produce and consume the foods of their choice.”
Another common belief is to regularly partake of the so-called Holy Communion. This, to many, is called an ordinance, a sacrament, or a means of grace. They say it is commanded, so we are under distinct obligation. Again there is disagreement for some reject the wine in favour of unfermented grape juice. There is disagreement as to the frequency of it. Still others limit its partaking to members of the local assembly only.
Ground Lemonades
Until then – happy trails and God Bless,
Bedankt weer voor het bezoekje en oh.... vergeet geen commentaartje voor me achter te laten.
In my prime, I occupied every corner of a number of romantic triangles. Perhaps I learned from these experiences, perhaps not. What I remember about them is that they are very challenging but very compelling, too. I don't think back happily on these experiences when I look at them whole, but I treasure bits and pieces, blissful moments spent with the person I wasn't supposed to be with, or the way in which the affairs I engaged in helped me appreciate my primary relationships. It worked that way sometimes, it really did.
Did you see I just wrote "wing" instead of "win"? I am starving. Visions of buffalo wings and pilsner dancing in my head. Ok, back to the beer.
"I'm improving the scene!" says Kan. "Come to Kannaroo."
Not surprisingly, A Princess of Mars left me wanting more, so I powered right through the sequel, The Gods of Mars, and have the rest of the books lined up like dominoes.
* 563 lb coffee beans for 45,00 cups of coffee
Explore Stylish Budget Timepieces With Geneva Platinum WatchesAre you the kind of woman who's constantly adding to your jewelry collection? You're running out of space, aren't you? We all know the type - the woman who can't get enough of sparkling baubles, the one who's always up on the latest trends, who can't wait to try out safety pin earrings and necklaces so heavy you think they'll weigh down the neck. The funny thing about these trendsetters? Sometimes, they're so set in their jewelry loving ways that they forget about function - and these days, function is just as important as style.
No, something spiky but harmless. Mother's pin-cushion. No, the shape was more like one he'd once seen Mrs. Tofarn using, an ugly thing that was supposed to be the shape of a dog's head. Yes, the shape fit. Rel concentrated-
9) What’s your perfect “writing habitat”?
3 reform
Madison Square Garden
That’s the question my heart is asking. Where do we go from here God? You know my desire. You know the desire of my husband’s heart. Even though Ella has not voiced wanting a sibling, (which I am so thankful for) you know she desires that, if not now, in the future she will want that.
One other thing that came up in session was what Tom said about me when he briefed her about my case. He said, 'Of all the clients to fight for, she's especially worth it.' I was kind of stunned that he had said something so strong about me, but it's a good thing because if he thinks that I'm worth it, then I must be worth it, yeah?
I find it interesting that on rainy days there are very few kids in school. Today at Noah’s preschool there were only five kids in his class. My boys and I try to figure out the reasons for this. We have come up with these:
“Okay then, you can easily make a purple evening dress yourself. Or maybe Gran could make one for you. It’s not the end of the world, you know? And that business with the invitation… every year she threatens not to invite you. And every year you go back like a good little girl and have a good time. It’s been the same story ever since you were at nursery together. There’s no need to be sad about it now.”
I often forget to reprint my columns for Food & Dining, which are not yet archived on-line, so allow me to rectify the oversight. The following (as originally submittted) appeared in F & D's second quarter 2010 edition.
Brewers Art St. Festivus
So you’ve emptied out, cleaned out and thrown out. Now what? It’s probably going to cost a fortune to re-stock the pantry. It doesn’t have to cost an entire paycheck to stock your food cupboard with healthy food. Here’s an example of what about $50 can get you:
In 1984 the warehouse converted into apartments.
We bounce through Heathrow and land at Barajas bang on time. It is an amazing airport – huge and light and extremely well connected to the city via buses and the metro system. We opt for the metro and are amazed to see that tickets are only €2.50 to whizz us all the way from the airport to our hotel.
When you visit a blog that you like and want to follow, leave them a comment with your link telling them you are following from the Fun Follow Friday. Of course, we would love for you to follow both hostesses blogs, Simply Stacie and My Wee View, but it isn’t mandatory. If you do follow us, just leave us a comment and we will follow you back.
Looking at the ‘wide swath of Irish poetry’ that Davis chose to include, the selections serve each poet fairly generously as can be expected in the close confines of squeezing four generations into 935 pages (not including notes and permissions). Without doubt there are some exclusions and omissions. Yet, it would have been good to read Moya Cannon, Rita Ann Higgins or Theo Dorgan, for example, not to mention more recent successes like Tom French, Colette Bryce, Kevin Higgins, Paul Perry or Leanne O’Sullivan, to mention a few. I suspect, not that Davis is unaware of these poets, but that the way he cut his cloth was to suit a broad representation across the four generations and some fell by the wayside in selection.
A spokesperson for the Diocese of Southwark said:
A few years back, I went to see Schindler’s tree in Yad Vashem. I have always thought that he was definitely a hero of the Shoah … but with a few caveats, of course. Having read Kasztner’s train, however, I now fail to understand what the real difference is between he and Schindler – why one has been honoured, and has been laid to rest in Jerusalem, and why the other was assassinated by members of the same country.
Dogs also carry a large medical responsibility. After birth, they require a series of shots. Some vets differ in the delivery of these, so ask yours. They will then set up annual visits in which some of these vaccinations are repeated. It is vital that they keep up with these each year. It is also important that you keep the paperwork, and they wear the dog tags stating that they are up to date.
The Association on American Indian Affairs is looking for a Development Officer! The position is part time (28 hours/week) and the location is negotiable.
Greece?*
Today we mourn the passing of a beloved old friend, Common Sense, who has been with
That night (early this morning) I went to bed with the illustration penned and sized on watercolor paper, with some under painting completed. I woke up at 6am to get some work done before we went to town. On the way home I had the shocking realization that 5:00 New York time is 4:00 Iowa time! That provided me with the extra shot of adrenaline I needed! I finished at 3:30. Just in time to scan and send it.
Now I haven’t actually experienced this problem of women throwing themselves at me to make me “love” them, but if someone finally did offer me drunken hook-up sex, I hope that I would remember my little list.
Are you a chef? A public speaker? If you’re a mystery writer, can you find 1000 true fans to pay a hundred dollars a year each to get an ongoing serial from you?
I feel the earth slide out from beneath me.
It’s Monday already. Not quite sure how that happened! My weekend with MOD was good – mostly hungover, but good. When I got to his house I was more than surprised to smell a roast cooking in the oven. I’d expected to get a bag of chips or something, not least because I know money isn’t his best friend at the moment. When he went split personality on me, we’d been talking about a shared love of roast dinners and it seemed he remembered that. He told me I had roast beef, roast potatoes, mash and veg, and to top it off, chocolate cheesecake. And a bottle of red wine. Clearly I was getting the treatment!
1. Turn off all technology for 60 minutes a day and focus on doing your most important work.
Make the text message extra humorous: people have a tendency to remember factors which come going to be humorous to them. you need to consequently make an effort to create your text message for the online game appear extra humorous or interesting. Moreover, you need to make an effort to create some humorous jokes from an event or trouble that you simply do not need to forget. you can also create an acronym from the checklist of pieces that you simply do not need to forget.
by KJ Hannah Greenberg
To be continued…
Jeans and boring sweater all you have clean?? Has glamorous picketing made a dent in the amount of cute outfits you have?? No problem. Marc Jacobs coolifies any boring outfit with his conversation-starting shoes. You might even consider stopping combing your hair and showering, Mr. Jacobs has your cute covered!!*
Hi everyone! I have a cute card to share today for this week's Pixie Cottage Challenge. The challenge is to create anything using this sketch and/or to shape it up (not square or rectangle). I used the sketch but shrunk the dimensions down to a standard A2 size card.
by the way, I think @thefilth on twitter for reminding me of this awesome way to eat our queso.
L: No, you’re making an argument to ignorance. I am saying you simply cannot be absolutely sure that God does or does not exist because there is no evidence. Your claim was “God is a figment of ones imagination.” You’re saying that this is true because the opposite must be false due to lack of evidence. You ARE ‘dismissing’ a claim (God is real) with one of your own (God is imaginary). God exists is a claim. God does not exist is a claim. God is proven neither true or untrue by lack of evidence. To say that one claim can be dismissed because it lacks evidence and thus is untrue is ignorance. Where is your evidence that God is imaginary? I could spout the exact same ignorant argument in your direction as well. “Well, God is not imaginary because there is no viable evidence supporting that he is. So because he has not been proven to not exist, he must exist.” That right there is nonsense.
“He is the best sailor who can steer within fewest points of the wind, and exact a motive power out of the greatest obstacles.” (Henry David Thoreau)
Jintan: Right now!
THEN...under all of that, she wrote:
My Western background left me completely unprepared for this Eastern take on the feast of the gift of the Spirit to the Church. In Western Churches, Pentecost particularly focuses on the “fire” of the Holy Spirit lighting on the disciples in the upper room and the “empowerment” of the Church for mission. Traditionally in the West, the color of the feast is red (for the fire).
Sofia M. Starnes
You look stunned in this picture but it's only because the lights were turned out and the flash from my camera startled you. You pray with us every night too so I had to get a picture of this sweet family moment.
July 21-31: Songs written and recorded the day of. Can be any genre, but can’t be able to be categorized in the other schedule bits.
Naïve people may think its just extremist groups the Security Services and police infiltrate but what about UKIP and the recent case about infiltration of ECO movement by Mark Kennedy? The information he gathered went straight to Tony Blair. It is clear that these infiltrations of “Right” political parties has come from the top as orders to the police to attack the EDL with truncheons but let Muslim protesters do what they like, will have come from The Home Secretary.
The whole leaving-my-desk-job-to-pursue-my-dream thing is a bit hackneyed, but I wasn't quite as irritated by it in this book because it's actually real life, not a terrible film storyline. It also seems like nobody ever learns anything in culinary school that is of real value to working in a professional kitchen. Regardless, I really enjoyed the book, and got through it exceptionally quickly, which probably means I was more sucked in to the story than I anticipated. I would recommend this to anyone who is curious about what its like working in a kitchen. In my experience, the chauvinism and dysfunction are a bit hyperbolic in the book, but its definitely a good read.
“ … “Very truly, I tell you, no one can enter the kingdom of God without being born of water and Spirit.” (John 3:5)
Much of the day was spent just being Mom. Breaking up fights, coping with Owen's tantrum's (he's discovered he's TWO), cleaning up paint that Garrett got on our patio furniture/patio/puppy Ellie, figuring out how to work in a shower even if it meant it was at 5:00PM.
75001 Paris
Q How will my acceptance be intimated to me?
reports: The European Court of Human Rights found France guilty of violating Article 3 (prohibition of inhuman or degrading treatment), Article 5 (right to liberty and security) and Article 8 (right to respect to private and family life) of the European Convention on Human Rights, and ordered France to pay the family 13,000 euros.So here are five different countries -- Australia, Canada, France, Kazakhstan, and South Africa -- on five different continents, with very different attitudes to asylum seekers and asylum seeking. For some seeking asylum is a human right, for others it is a crime.
Run with straight real niggas
The best managers have a fundamentally different understanding of workplace, company, and team dynamics. See what they get right.
The general election is only seven months away, and, now that Mitt Romney is the presumptive Republican nominee, he will be able to use the persistently high unemployment rate for the past three years as a powerful argument for political change.
"The agency has for too long ignored what I believe is the root cause of these unintended acceleration cases," he said. "It's driver error." But this isn't news to ad contras. What's really news is that the government is refusing to release this information.
In non tropical news, be sure to check back to the blog next week, as I will be hosting my very first giveaway :) Woohoo! Big blog moment here, peeps. Big blog moment.
Colonel Yates also compliments Lucy on her appearance -- just what he wanted. As he takes her by the hand and leads her toward the other room, questions swim in Lucy's head. What is this all about? Why isn't Sir James here? Who are these people? Who is Smithson, really? And who is Colonel Yates?
I'll have some stories soon, I'm sure. But posting a pretty picture is better than nothing.
But I couldn’t resist the siren song of that book, so I made a tactical decision to use deep irony — to maintain an absolute deadpan. As nearly as I can recall, this is what I wrote:
10. George Bush: Creating the Terrorists Our Kids Will Have to Fight.
said the fly say no more
“After the discovery, Chavez said Valencia County Detective Sgt. John Gordon and a deputy were called in to the detention center and given the evidence and the internal documentation.”
It's not a coincidence that as I grow in confidence, something I never struggled with before I was 19, that that is the area I am the most attacked in. I lost my confidence in my journey, through many different circumstances and it started to come back slowly and in 2010 and when I shaved my head bald for my best friends family & daughter it was like receiving a gift of confidence that I forgot was mine all along. It is my true self to be confident and yet I have made many decisions that are the opposite of that. I made dreadful mistakes when I lost that confidence, when I lost my true self, and now I am firmly on the road to being who I was born to be and it's a great feeling.
1 package of whole wheat egg noodles
I cannot recall a more sickening item online than the relentless mainstream media link to a frame-by-frame video of Qaddafi's sodomization. It was up for days, I refused the invite, holding back my revulsion simply from the vision as puke rose in the esophagus and wondered who in their right mind would click to view it. Is this what entertains my brothers and sisters now? Who among you salivates at seeing the sword draw blood from the anus of another person? My God! After what the human race has done to this man, even if it was his double, the unmarked grave, the total lack of celebration of a life, the pro-lifers in the candidate's seat swearing life begins at conception, utterly lacking in compassion for lives currently in existence as if every man and woman other than the speaker is an immediate threat. And as if that wasn't enough, hour by hour every single day, the crime on the ground fully emulates the enuring of our species. No matter where you are, lock down your life, danger lurks. Seal yourself from the others, their intention is always evil. You would think serial killing home invaders are calling the shots and for all we know, that could well be the case. Actually, I can't think of a better description of bigshots busying themselves dreaming of newer and ever-slimier activities.
As it happened, a family friend, Bob, was directly engaged in the creation and construction of Johnson’s dream houses. Bob was ecstatic that America was finally, FINALLY, doing something for its “poor, victimized, tragic, sad, pathetically inept blacks”.
I look care to paint the top inch of the inside of the bin because, in time, it's my intention to give the bin contents but at the moment I'm just pleased I managed to find one that did the job so well.
The Lord caused my path to intersect with Karen Burkett’s not once but twice. For the second time round, I do freelance writing and editing for her online company (http://www.christianeditingservices.com). How we connected – and then reconnected – is a story in itself. Suffice it to say the first time was because I subscribed to an online newsletter for Christian writers and the second was because my name was right after one of her client’s in her dropdown address menu.
Others said, “These are not the words of one possessed; surely a demon cannot open the eyes of the blind, can he?”
1. What’s your favorite time of day to read?
Not too surprisingly, Shine’s decision to air this inchoate, amorphous show was not universally well received. To wit, Inside Cable News was not the least bit impressed. Rather, blogger Spud scoffed, “This is probably the most uninspiring offering FNC has put on the air….FNC is apparently out of new ideas and unsure of a future course of action regarding 5pm.” He acerbically added, “Nobody involved in this project should feel too secure about its future when the press release announcing it spells out that it has a short shelf life: This is FNC in a rare public manifestation of scramble mode…coming up with something to fill the space without regard to the suitability of that kind of programming at that time of day.
Chang is accused of six more similar charges of procuring women, all believed to be Singaporeans, at Bugis Junction, Suntec City, Loyang and Ang Mo Kio in 2010.
The father, Ahmed Abuhamda, denies any wrongdoing, saying he followed the couple’s divorce decree when he moved the children from the Kansas City suburb of Overland Park to the Middle East in February.
We certainly hope that is not the case. In fact, “Fair Game,” based on books by Mr. Wilson and his wife, is full of distortions – not to mention outright inventions. To start with the most sensational: The movie portrays Ms. Plame as having cultivated a group of Iraqi scientists and arranged for them to leave the country, and it suggests that once her cover was blown, the operation was aborted and the scientists were abandoned. This is simply false. In reality, as The Post’s Walter Pincus and Richard Leiby reported, Ms. Plame did not work directly on the program, and it was not shut down because of her identification. [Translation - she made it up - Editor]
92 The Little Prince – Antoine De Saint-Exupery
i am creating...
....so, here is TUESDAY SHOWCASE ......
Gram dal- 1 teaspoon
One year ago today, a seed was planted.
Msa l’khir. Good evening. Permit me to introduce myself. My name is Hassan. I am a storyteller, monarch of a realm vaster than any you can envisage, that of the imagination. My memory is not what it used to be, but if we can settle on a democratic price, I will tell you a tale the like of which I promise you have never heard before. It is a love story, like all the best stories, but it is also a mystery, for it concerns the disappearance of one of the lovers or the other, or perhaps both of them or neither. It happened two years ago, or it might have been five or ten or twenty-five. These details are unimportant.
o Despite that small size, in both terms of population and economic output, Greece already has received a bailout of about $150 billion (actual amount fluctuates with the exchange rate).
It's excerpt day! We post 300-350 words of our old stories.
I've only started reading the volume but so far every story I've read in it -- which is to say the first one, "The Case of Death and Honey" by Neil Gaiman -- is excellent.
The first lynching since 1912, the murder of Willie Earle became big news. The trial was biggest lynching trial the state had ever seen. Most lynchings had never even been investigated, while this one had then-Governor Strom Thurmond threatening to put the perpetrators away (yes, you read that right). Time magazine sent reporters, and The New Yorker sent no less than Dame Rebecca West to cover the event.
If any obviously discernable numbers of hookers are actually happy, well then, surely brothels are the places you could reasonably expect to find them? It’s just common sense, much like you’d find happy children in playgrounds, or happy drunks at parties, or happy gluttons at the all-you-can-eat.
So get this my darlings, as you may know in the past year I have raved about two blow dryers and the outstanding way they perform. So one day while minding my own business I opened my closet of goodies (hair products) and guess who was staring at me? You guessed right, the two dryers that I wrote about. So as usual the hair dryers and I started to conversate (says Beyonce). They were tired of both being in my closet and wanted to come out (every boys dream). So I decided that the only way to freedom was to compete, a heated death match!
Make like a superhero
As soon as you close the cover on the Epilogue Moby Dick almost screams to be reread; I hope one day I’ll heed the call. Not only for those first hundred or so pages I slogged through, unappreciating: All of it bespeaks a sublety and depth unattainable in the first read.
I thought, if every person everywhere sang like John we would hear the mighty song of all God’s people!
Susan May Warren is the RITA award-winning author of thirty novels with Tyndale, Barbour, Steeple Hill and Summerside Press. A four-time Christy award finalist, a two-time RITA Finalist, she’s also a multi-winner of the Inspirational Readers Choice award, and the ACFW Carol Award. A seasoned women’s events speaker, she’s a popular writing teacher at conferences around the nation and the author of the beginning writer’s workbook: From the Inside-Out: discover, create and publish the novel in you!. She is also the founder of www.MyBookTherapy.com, a story-crafting service that helps authors discover their voice.
Cooper had a crib supplied by the hotel for sleeping during our stay. We first tried to place the crib near the entrance of the room and block his view with a sheet tapped to the ceiling. This worked the first night, probably because he was exhausted from traveling. The next night and nap times were a different story. We needed to move his crib away from the door so Kevin and I could still use the bathroom and leave if needed. We moved some furniture, taped up the sheet and hoped for the best.
In the ultrasound we were stuck with Ms. No Personality as our ultrasound tech. As Ruben and I are were googling and giggling over our baby, she quickly snapped at us and told me "Every time you laugh you make the baby move. Stop laughing." Um. Sorry.
You don’t have to be a chimp to use our products, but it helps.
8:15 - Stretch for the day (part of my healthy life-style)
Zach wanted to help Auntie Dani feed Gabers his lunch and he liked giving him his drinks
Brooks Beast has been using their unique midsole technology which is called the BioMogo. This midsole is biodegradable and converts useful nutrients fifty times faster than the standard midsole degradation. BioMogo is made of very eco-friendly materials and undergone unique manufacturing process which can reduce the waste by fifty percent compared to the traditional midsole manufacturing process. The best thing with Brooks® Sports, Inc. is that they set their selves as a good example of preserving nature and keeping the environment clean so they release this BioMogo technology to other footwear brands.
Age: 22
“You’re safe here, cousin of the moon. I swear it.” She’d meant the words for reassurance only, realizing too late how he was bound to interpret them. Sure enough, he closed his eyes and shimmered into a very furry silver-grey wolf in battle armor, with a mangled hind leg. A very big, wet, unconscious wolf, at the base of a very tall cliff. “No! Sir, cousin, now is not the time. Wake up!” She shook him. He could have been a pelt, for all the life he showed.
The personal family centers on the belief that enhancing the learner as a person is a worthwhile educational goal. A major thesis of this family is that better-developed, more affirmative, self-actualizing learners have increased learning capabilities that can be realized by tending to their psyches (p.266). Consistent with this model is the theory of multiple intelligence that asserts that students learn in identifiably distinct ways, and therefore, would be better academically served by varying instruction to match students’ diverse learning styles while also varying the means of assessing their learning.
And then pour into form
Spoon the warm salsa over the grilled fish and garnish with springs of cilantro.
Sean Connery
we be content, gracious God, to hear the cavilling of unreasonable men;
There was a problem. By this time they had attached a monitor to Molly's head, and her heart rate was becoming erratic. She was stuck. After the next push, the activity in the room intensified and I heard the doctor say something about "meconium" and "we need to get this out NOW". I remember looking up at Big Daddy for assurance and feeling, for the first time, scared.
I worked with that company for over a month. They ended up terminating nearly 50% of their IT staff. The executives and I made sure that the employees of the company provided input and were communicated with. The entire company worked together to rebuild their IT department. I’m happy to report that they are doing much better now. I was told last week that they were recently recognized nationally for their new innovative software they recently released.
Every so often I receive a unique book that meets a real need or problem. It only takes a few seconds to a minute for a child to go missing, whether in the woods while parents are camping or in a shopping mall. It is one of the most terrifying experiences for parent and child. J. Wayne Fears has written How to Lost-Proof Your Child as part of a survival series he has authored for Pro-Tool Industries ($8.95, softcover) This should be mandatory reading for parents because it is filled with excellent advice and recommendations regarding the many ways one can teach a child proper behavior with which to avoid getting lost, what to do if lost, and the many things a parent can do to prevent or respond to it. The book is available from www.protoolindustries.net.
29. Winter Wonderland - The Partridge Family
while crooning soulful lullabies
So - is it just me, or is anyone else getting mildly seasonally depressed this summer? Are the grey days getting you down too? And you could possibly send my family all the good weather vibes you can muster for our beach trip in 2 weeks? Thanks muchly!
After a quick check on AA route planner, I discovered that the closest I am to any of the breweries that my beers originated is 251.5 miles, which kinda emphasises the point of beer swap.
Don’t fret. I’m sceptical that I’ll make it back too but you just never know.
4. It might be a plus if they’d had some experience running a business, and knew something about promotion, marketing and sales.
I found I did get creasing each time I used the shadows, but given the humidity and my insane sweatiness lately, that's happening with most eye looks I do, regardless of the products used.
Karen: I've had a weird love for Medusa ever since I was a little kid and watched the original Clash of the Titans upmteen times. I already knew her story, but I played off of it and gave it my own twist. All the other mythology in my story revolved around how I imagined things could have been if Medusa and Poseidon were in love and ruling their own world.
immediately left him and went for
I recognised our referee as he arrived in the club car-park and asked him how his pre-season has been going.
Last spring Sam Fiorella was recruited for a VP position at a large Toronto marketing agency. With 15 years of experience consulting for major brands like AOL, Ford, and Kraft, Fiorella felt confident in his qualifications. But midway through the interview, he was caught off guard when his interviewer asked him for his Klout score. Fiorella hesitated awkwardly before confessing that he had no idea what a Klout score was.
There will be transport from all over South Wales to Barking for the demonstration (and from other areas of the country no doubt) for more information leave a comment on the blog and we can take it for there. YFJ Says:
Here are some examples of my student’s work:
The last major renovation of the Texas Governor’s Mansion was in 1982, and it left the house with 21 rooms and 8,920 square feet, though private space is still at a premium. For instance, the Conservatory was added on the southwest corner of the house in 1914 so the Family could have an informal place to eat, but since the State Dining Room is so small, at big dinner parties this second room is pressed into service, with the Governor and First Lady shuttling back and forth between rooms.
Round 1
I have starched them because they curl up such a lot. I made the trumpet similar to the large one above, made it smaller and modified the frill. Do you do this kind of thing too? I find I get an idea from here, a colour scheme from there put it together and although not totally original, something new.
I've been meaning to get to this project for months but finally had the perfect excuse. I love how crib and toddler bedding is interchangeable, making the lifetime of things much longer. My daughter recently transferred from a crib to a toddler bed and I was so excited to be able to transfer the bedding along with her.
The bottom of the map contains a striking illustration of the view of Manhattan as seen from Governors Island, with ships, soldiers, waves and smoke. Brooklyn, or “Brookland,” is a patchwork of farms of different shades, bisected by Flatbush Road.
National Center for Missing and Exploited Children.
And never return.
Today, when I accidentally dropped an inexpensive jug, Bev's consoling words were...'You are dead meat if it's smashed'. No hug, no sympathy, no warmth. Okay, I know I shouldn't have accommodated that thought. It just popped into my mind...as they do.
volcanic eruptions, lake side rising tides and riverine floods of transformational fervor are about to over run the pig sty that was built over our home by hogs unperturbed by filth?
Gorgeous, gorgeous flowers!"
At this point I would normally start talking about the time we have left here and how it doesn’t seem like much, but that is putting an expectation on the next two days–assuming they are going to fly by. If that happens, I won’t appreciate them to their fullest potential. Therefore, I’ll end this quicky spring break update blog by saying, I am really enjoying the time off school, even if I’m staying at my parents’ house. Even if I’m sleeping on the couch and I feel like I have to fold the blankets when I wake up in the morning. Even if I have no idea where anything is and being here makes me antsy about adulthood. It’s a “day at a time” process and I am going to enjoy each day of the journey.
Not if I can help it. I shuffle off from the back of the hall just as the delegates are going to have a vote on what will be the Protected Bird of Betazoid, the Woody Wood Pigeon, or the Fanta Orangebird.
If you mentioned the name Ellie Goulding one year ago many would not have known her name – but as she headed to Reading’s Hexagon Theatre last Friday for the final night of her UK tour, the intimate venue was filled with people of all ages, waiting to hear the voice of Christmas 2010.
The latter unfortunate incident happened while I still had doors on my house with key-lock deadbolts.
A big tick for Elmhurst Energy, whose backboard asked 'Are you a surveyor, architect or engineeer? Property developer or contractor? Local authority or housing association?
We'll be seated not far from the stage so that all our senses can be drenched in delight. The gossamer tutus of the sugar plum fairies....the orchestra weaving the magic that is Tchaikovsky's Nutcracker suite with bow and reed...
“It was a popular movement and then it more or less got co-opted by the politicians and it seemed to dissolve throughout the country,” he told Yahoo News.
Well, to be honest, I’m still learning that last one.
Saturday 9 April, The Shed, Burridge, Botley Road - Burridge AFC hosted Drew Smith Southampton Senior League leaders, Netely Central Reserves, who would have sealed the league title with victory on a sunny afternoon in April.
True religious affections are balanced in their nature. Edwards grants that such balance and symmetry will not be perfect in the Christian, but the true exercise of the affections in God’s will lend the Christian to a balance. Hosea 7:8 helpfully illustrates this by describing “Ephraim” as “a cake not turned.” In other words, they were only half-baked. Edwards commonly comments on the imbalanced and subtly counterfeit nature of false religion. There are often aspects of external piety and talk in false religion, but in the affections themselves there are gross imbalances.[10]
This will be my last post for now. I hope to be back posting as an independent, free woman as soon I am settled in my new home. I’m not exactly sure where I’ll end up but I’m sure my instinct will show me the way. I know everything will eventually workout for the best. However, I certainly could use and appreciate any prayers and good wishes you can send my way… Thank you everyone for all your kindness, support and comments about my work. You have been a great source of comfort and encouragement for me during this difficult time. If you have questions or concerns, please contact me at emilygoochphotos@yahoo.com however, with limited Internet access; it might take me a while to get back to you. Take care…
Celebrate that, today.
There must be women who shovel when they are pregnant to no adverse effect. What did they do "back in the day"? What about single moms who have no other choice? I feel stronger, more powerful, and more in awe of my body than ever. I want to use it. The will, the spirit is there.
intrusive economic policies, high-cost welfare programs, as well as rights-negating population control measures.
That's where we've been.
Moving along, I wound up at a house party of a bunch of college students and recent graduates, so of course all that was there was the usual supply of domestic lite lager crap. I had some Coors Light, which now tastes abysmal to me of course. Same story with Keystone lite. Had some Bud lite lime, which at least tastes like fruit loops and piss rather than just piss.
They start many orders with a complimentary batch of hot tortilla chips, covered with beans and that pungent aged cheese. Honduras is also known for tamales elote- corn tamales that are a little sweet and a little savory. Served with a thick crema it’s one of the better Central American appetizers in town. Sweet plantains are lightly fried and served simply: just a little oil and Honduran sour cream. Honduran chicken comes in several forms, including an herby and juicy fried chicken. Strangely a small dollop of ketchup is dotted on each wing. It is served with a big mound of tasty slaw and super thin-cut fried plantain chips for a good texture mix. Soups are popular with the largely Hispanic crowd. Shrimp soup can come coconut-based for a simple and rich broth almost Thai-like in flavor. Decent shrimp (probably frozen), carrots, yucca and corn on the cob provide the substance. The soup is laced with cilantro and the result is a flavorful and filling lunch. They serve those thick tortillas and sticky rice on the side.
An overwhelming news for Indian Tablet lovers or gadget freaks. Apple announced that it will launch The new iPad in India and 10 other countries on April 27th. The price of the new iPad will be 30,500 and will be available in black and white color options. The new iPad has received good reviews as all Apple products do and it is Resolutionary. The stunning new Retina Display, A5X chip with Quad-core graphics and a 5 megapixel iSight camera with 1080p HD video recording makes it one of the best tablets available in the market.
While I do enjoy modern cuisine interpretations, ranging from the deconstructivist to molecular gastronomy, I personally tend to prefer cuisine that is more straightforward and which isn’t trying to break the light speed barrier or re-invent the wheel.
I was a real poet and this whole post was a load of total BULLSHIT cooked up without any real talent, forethought or intelligence just like the revamped and thoroughly improved NEW REAL South Africa with rainbows on the edges, silver linings and frilly bits that nobody believes in anymore, we're stuck with the damn thing, lets just get on with it...
Loves reading and writing.
Your stops along the Blog Hop:
hides in plain sight by the Mersey.
(Genesis 22:7-18 The Scriptures 1998+)
Personally, I think the Blue Ribbon Commission report is an incredibly remarkable document, and I hope that we will learn from the powerful data in this report.
One of the things that helped Chuck through, was his hope of the life that existed away from his island. So I want us to dwell for a little bit on the resurrection life that waits for us, away from this little island that we mistakenly call life.
This is Liam's car. It's a convertible complete with spoiler and flames. These cars completely represent the personalities of my twins. This car is SOOOOO Liam. Mind you, he did the spray paint, chose all the cut files, ran the gypsy while I loaded and manned the cricut, applied all the decals himself...he worked very hard.
Would it be so bad to do a quick once over and read it all the way through and THEN let it sit for a month before editing and revising?
Now when I called the doctor's office to ask about the bloody diarrhea they thought I meant a small streak of blood. Something like you might see if a kid has a bad bad diaper rash. Small streaks of blood. This kind of bloody diarrhea is like straight blood. You can't tell the difference between fecal matter and the blood because it's all blood. I'm talking open the diaper and let out a string of words you wouldn't normally say because there's so much blood. I told the doctor office this. They apparently thought I was over reacting and told me to call back in two or three days if it got worse.
This morning I posted a photo on my facebook page of a recipe I made using a mini loaf tin.
She wasn’t allowed to give them out and tell them about her Pop Pop. They are now a choking hazard for 4-5 year olds. — A Reader
A quiet place in a small town
And if you’re truly stuck, use my tried and true Jump Start the Plot Trick: “And when I answered the door… there were zombies!”
We've been meaning to Follow the Rules
Therefore, one of the key issues of the book is to offer alternatives. The Pirate Party doesn’t want to abolish copyright, they want to reform it. For example, the moral rights of authors would remain unchanged, but all non-commercial copying would be legalized. In addition, DRM woud be banned entirely.
As I wander through the night.
The soldier was working alongside an Afghan security forces' patrol in the Mirmandab region of Nahr-e Saraj, Helmand Province, when he was struck by an improvised explosive device.
The first two parts of this series described many of the qualities that the people of the end times will have. That covered the first four verses. In this part we will go over verses five and six to learn why those qualities are not just talking about the people of the world but about the church and why this is a prophecy about a coming apostasy.
playtime and presents with my family.
Prior to his appointment at Felda Global, Mohd Bakke served in various capacities within Government Linked Companies and Government Linked Investment Companies.
Holy Jesus, now I am glad that I saved this beer for a night that I can actually enjoy it. This beer is awesome. Like mind blowing awesome, like heavy, like Michael j. Fox heavy.
- Market shares by producer:
“Say your goodbyes,” I said, as if I was going to a trip.
Not sure how many of you faithful blog readers knew, but I once again retook the Praxis exam on March 10, 2012. It was a quiet day, and has been a quiet time leading up to this exam that will set me free from my college education. A week before the Praxis I had dreamt that I had over slept and missed the exam. As I awoke to complete panic I soon realized that I still had one more week before the exam. Once again, the very next night, I had another dream to which I woke up very discouraged. I had dreamt that I had (at least) made it to my exam, but was given the results that I did not pass (once again). I decided to push these thoughts aside and continue to not think, or care about the upcoming Praxis I would take again for a third time. The Saturday of the 10th arrived, and I carelessly went and took my test. With only minutes until the timer went off I managed to finish the test before time was called. Time was called and I turned in the exam, and walked away with a thought that I don't care. Whatever happens will happen. This third time around I had been telling people (if the topic of my test came up - and was rarely brought up by me) I was not studying, and I was not going to use any religion. Last time I had studied, and used all that religious stuff to only get me a score that was worse then the first time I took the test. Now please don't misunderstand the "no religion" bit. During this time of much trial (as I see my life right now - to which some of you are probably thinking, "Gee's Libby, it's a test get over it!" Believe me, I wish I could...) I have turned to a wonderful talk that came out just before I left on mission many years ago. The talk was give by one of my favorite apostles of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints, Elder Oaks. The talk entitled, "Timing" has made me realize that I am NOT in control AT ALL!
Happy stamping til the next time!
Even though I really didn’t have the money, when I found a killer deal on a used Canon 30D and I couldn’t pass it up!
The intersection between those two facts has produced a classic bubble, with wildly inflated reserve estimates bringing a torrent of cheap credit to bear on an asset that can’t support the grandiose claims made for it. Because US mineral rights laws and Wall Street’s expectations both require firms that buy shale gas rights to produce right away, irrespective of the state of the market, natural gas is now selling for a price—wobbling around $3.50 per thousand cubic feet, last I checked—that covers much less than the cost of drilling and extraction. My readers will no doubt recall real estate speculators in the midst of the bubble feverishly buying rental properties even when the rent covered only a small fraction of the mortgage payments; the logic here is exactly the same.
About 7 miles from the finish, I am rolling fast (50 mph, no exag.) down a long, shady road. Because I have been alone for so long, I have had ample time to notice all kinds of things, including the fact that the QR adjuster on my front hub is sticking out, instead of being folded in. It is really kind of bothering me, cause I am OCD (obsessive-compulsive). I decide to reach down and fold it flat.
after the baking,
I grabbed her arms. “Only if you tell me about what happened to her. I know Sal did something to her maybe worse than what he has done to you.” I said.
The street flooded, as did my nanna's house from every window, my garage was flooded, hail dented the airconditioner units, my mother's car...
"Not today. Let’s just wait and see."
The rest went for the Memorial Stone."
But wait, there's more. On top of all this, the US is in the middle of a $350 million commitment to train, arm and fund a Fatah army. This effort is being directed by US general Keith Dayton, who's been working on this for two years. Apparently the last attempt which did so well in Gaza and resulted in Hamas obtaining millions of dollars in gently used ('only dropped once') American military equipment that it encouraged even more of an investment. Except this time, according to General Dayton the probable target isn't Hamas, but Israel.
**On another side note you may want to watch Lost before reading Adler’s book…otherwise you may have a knee jerk reaction into hating half the cast from day one…and I really love Hume on Lost.
And I may not walk the streets of Dublin
Saying so, she sticks some kleenex into his nose with her index finger, which makes him fall on his back.
The Standard tier of PayPal payments is free for businesses to use. The Advanced tier adds the ability for customers to pay for purchases without leaving your website for $5 per month, and the Pro tier lets you design and host your own checkout pages for full control, as well as accept credit card via phone, fax, and mail.
Following yesterday's votes, the RMT have confirmed they will be holding a 72 hour Tube strike from 4pm April 24th 2012 in a row over pensions. RMT has been demanding that all Tube Lines staff, be allowed to join the TfL Pension Scheme and receive the same travel concessions as those who work for LUL, including former Metronet staff. This will affect the Jubilee, Northern and Piccadilly London Underground Lines.
My gut is telling me that Sanderson is leading us directly into a trap. But I haven’t figured out what the trap is. I know he is amazing at plot twists. Is he trying to convince Vin to trust Elend so she will betray Kelsier? Or is he maintaining Kelsier’s character so he will be the downfall of the group? How’s that for not answering the question at all.
Newcastle’s Quayside has been transformed into a seaside haven for the summer months by Business Improvement District Company NE1.
Atmosphere and decoration: Very impressive, funky and very unique.
This is an opportunity for the chemistry community to discuss the challenges of sustainable development and consider what we might do differently to increase the impact of chemistry in achieving development goals. We will be focussing onto three broad questions:
“Canada is the only western country that has refused to ask for the repatriation of its citizen, 15-year-old Omar Khadr, from the jail in Guantanamo Bay where he has languished since May 2005.”
- I have been teaching 13 years, and still cannot consistently figure out classroom discipline.
Once you have a profitable campaign you can then use that identical campaign with other Pay Per Click programs like Yahoo.
Saturday & Sunday: rest.
Oops, my BMO poster glared a bit there, too bad, because the branding for this race is really nice. I just love how creative some of the race ads are getting. Just seeing the ones for races I'm doing puts a little pep in my step when I'm on that treadmill. Today I had a 6km tempo run on the schedule and seeing the sign my niece made for me at the First Half Marathon in February made the miles tick by a lot faster. Go Nikki Go!
Happy Saturday everyone!
I didn’t want to go to school, so I started moaning and groaning and told my mom that my stomach hurt (I was really hamming it up!). She said she was going to take me to the doctor’s office because I sounded real sick. Well, we get to the doctors and I pretend my stomach hurts and wince or moan when he touches me (I thought I deserved an Oscar!). He pulls my mother aside and talks to her for a little while. They come back and the doctor pushes my side and I react right on cue and he says, “See, it’s appendicitis and we’re gonna have to operate”. Wow, I wasn’t expecting that! I jumped up and started spilling my guts! I said, “It doesn’t really hurt me I was just pretending. I didn’t want to go to school!” All the while crying because I’m scared to death they’re going to cut me open! They just looked at me and said, “We know.”
Thursday, November 11 at 6:30pm
time to come
Violet isn’t much of a rule breaker in real life. But this isn’t real life, this is summer, and Violet is determined to make the most of it. Besides, a little sneaking out never hurt anyone. And sneaking out with James is 100% worth the risk...even though James is completely off-limits.
I put this to the officials working on the project. And I found the answer instructive.
The Big Girls and Daddy rode the carousel, Paige waited in her stroller with Mama. We walked the boardwalk along the beach, had a yummy lunch, searched for shells, and visited the Candy Shop.
Go ahead. Admit it. You wish you thought of it too.
I was able to attend the Empowered to Connect Conference here this fall and it was fantastic. An event that ALL parents should be required to attend. I learned so much and I am praying that God will help me remember it when we are in the thick of the difficult times. Education is one of the MOST important things you can do as the adoptive parent. And this conference is well worth the time and energy it takes.
Chilling Romance (korean movie 2011)
- Cleaned out Phoebe's drawers that have her shorts and shirts she would wear these days. This will help us a lot in getting clothes laid out the night before.
Mix everything except water till it resembles a crumble texture.Add enough water to make a soft dough.Cover and rest.
Households with incomes of around £40,000 will be the biggest winners, since they tend to have two earners rather than one who will enjoy the maximum benefit of new tax breaks, according to the Institute for Fiscal Studies.
Before I knew what happened, he pulled away. “I’m sorry. I shouldn’t have. You, you have—.”
Puget Sound Energy Issues 5.764% Senior Notes Due 2040 For $250 Million 15
Seattle PI published an interesting article on the history of hospice care and its evolution over the past 3 1/2 decades. As someone who has seen the benefits of hospice care first-hand, it was surprising to hear that hospice care was initially seen as a medical fad. As some background, the first hospice was started just outside of London and didn’t make it’s way to the United States until about a decade later. Today, more families than ever point to hospice as a means of guidance and support as they grapple with the physical and emotional tolls of loss. One caretaker noted that the loss of her parents and husband was made ”bearable” with the assistance of hospice care.
As for myself, well, I’ve been dream-free. No MDs in my dreams. I like it that way.
We had four cocktails and they were all totally innovative, brilliant drinks. I’m trying to work my way through their cocktail menu, whilst Mrs CJ is so smitten with two of the drinks that she had to repeat her choices from our first visit.
This drooling, despising, demonic portrayal from Police Comics #10 (July, 1942) is part of a spectacular Plastic Man splash page that functions as stand-alone editorial cartoon about the power-crazed Axis machine:
I washed this piece, then varnished it. Then I sat down, to look at the rings. It is a beautiful sample of a tree’s rings.
Later that night, Terry and Arlene were lying in bed enjoying the peacefulness of a silent baby. They talked about how they both feel like everything is going to be OK when they look at each other. It was a sweet conversation, but of course it worried me. It seemed like they were jinxing it, or that it could never be that easy, which became apparent when a matchbook spontaneously caught fire on their dresser.
I shall never, ever, EVER forget that, until my dying day.
As she read on she learned that there was a note found pinned to his chest when he was cut down, it read: “Note To Self: Never Trust Women”.
How is your family?
Filipinos are divided on the result of the Pacquiao-Marquez fight. They seem to agree on one thing though – Dyan Castillejo is the female Jake Joson.
Third, LG was in a second-hand store this past weekend with Mrs. LG and he came across a bunch of old photographs that were salvaged from various estate sales. LG purchased a number of these photos (some are pretty old) and he will be publishing them one-at-a-time on The LG Report over the next week or so. Here's the first:
It’s a difficult situation. It doesn’t matter how large your company is, or how much productivity your company performs on a daily basis. Death is death, and it impacts everyone on one level or another. Support is out there, and it’s important to use those services made available. Remember, you are not alone and you will get through the most difficult times, as long as your allow others to help you along the way.
Today’s digital photo frames are beyond anything most of us could have imagined just a few years ago. Riding in the car with family members I mentioned digital frames and no one knew what I was talking about. I wasn’t surprised because I had never heard of them either. We have not been living under a rock.
Heddon-on-the-Wall grew up around Hexham Road, which until 1971 was the main road from Newcastle to Hexham. The A69 road bypassed Heddon-on-the-Wall which runs from Newcastle to Carlisle passing Hexham. Heddon-on-the-Wall benefits from its proximity to the A69 but is more popular with retired people rather than commuters due to its lack of a railway station, from which its close neighbour Wylam benefits.
372 pages
As with so much else, the true hate behind the hate crimes laws lurks in the hearts of those who drafted them, and they have only just begun.
An exhibit at the Museum of modern art in New York.
Socialist Francois Hollande has declared victory in France's presidential election, railing against austerity measures and urging national unity after a bitter campaign against Nico
RSV-2CE:
Cry (if you feel like it)
which I read religiously whenever I could find it. By the time
John Cougar Mellancamp. I’ve lost track, what does he officially go by these days?
I hope she can wear them for soccer this spring!
As I approached the intersection today, I saw that there had been an accident. One car had been hit broadside and was sitting on the far side of the intersection after skidding there from the impact of the other car, which was badly smashed in the front. There was an unconscious man in the driver's seat of the broadsided car, and a woman sitting by the side of the road with blood on her face, who I assumed was the driver of the other car. Several others had already pulled over to help, but there were no police or ambulance on the scene yet, so I stopped to see if I could help. I grabbed my first aid kit and went to the unconscious man first. I asked one of the other people on the scene how long he had been unconscious.
1. By The Time I Get To Phoenix
And out he goes,
Raised by a bibliophile who made the dining room into a library, Theresa has always been a lover of books and stories. First a writer for newspapers, then for national magazines, she started her first novel in high school, eventually enrolling in a Writer's Digest course and putting the book under the bed until she joined Romance Writers of America in 1993.
H: The Self Referential/Post Modern Era (1990 to 1999)
for my trials;
Snow Capped Mountains appear dull
If you would like extra entries share this giveaway on Facebook, Twitter or your own blog, and be sure to leave an additional comment for each you do.
Kaley Cuoco
I’m sure that’s going to make Israel feel so much more secure and ready to hand over valuable land to its Palestinian enemies. Not.
She sniffed around everything on this lawn before deciding to go with an old standby favorite - the tiny lit Christmas tree.
SCENIC ROCK-HOLE OF DOOM
Before the potential Las Vegas resident spends any money on the condo prospect, some tips must be taken into mind before signing the final sales contract. Some may say that they have all the bases covered when buying property. However, a few extra precautions should not hurt in helping the buyer out on such a purchase, and may in fact assist in making a much smoother and stress free transaction.
I realize there is some confusion from the readers with where I haved lived in the past six years, so I decided to provide my histor
On its surface – the “plain sense” of the text, if you will – this passage seems to be a broadside against same-sex intercourse of both genders. The problem starts with idolatry, then gets worse and worse until God essentially gives up and lets them do what they want, after which everyone starts sleeping with everyone else and the natural consequence of that behavior is a host of other sins and moral failings.
This is where the story starts, but not exactly as you've written it here of course. It starts here because this is where something happens. The first paragraph is set up, back-story. We don't need to know any of it.
Know you are loved babies.
“I said, I can’t do this. I don’t love Chad. I have no feelings whatsoever for him!”
Lilia is a reader and writer of historical romance. While the Regency is her favorite era, she loves anything from the Revolution to the 1940s, with a special interest in American history. Her first novella, From Air to Eternity, was published by Night Shift Publishing in 2011. Her newest series,The Liberated Ladies, explores the lives of four very independent women in Georgian England. Lilia lives in New Bern, North Carolina.
-Dump tomato soaking water, olive oil and lemon juice into blender with the rosemary and thyme and blend until completely liquified.
11 believe
It’s a MAD, MAD, MAD, MAD World if you follow the broadband industry. Barriers are falling, borders are reshaping, allegiances are changing.
The possibility of implanted bombs has been a concern for US officials since at least 2009, when two incidents occurred involving militants who had spent time with leading figures of Yemen-based Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula (AQAP).
Sometimes, life will inevitably force you into the shadows, you shouldn’t allow the shadows to consume you and prevent you from truly enjoying the dance of life.Who gets rob here of a life that you could have?Now not without sorrow and lost.But,a full life of saying,”I GAVE IT MY ALL WITHOUT REGRET”.We surely need to keep reminding ourselves, that we just have to “keep on dancing”, no matter how hard Life gets,never give up,we are all “children” at heart, and need a reminder we can do anything.
and the erratic flights of crows,
Monday started off as any other Monday for me. Wake up, eat some breakfast, shower, and head to work. The only problem is that my car apparently wanted the day off. Trudged back inside, called son the mechanic to make arrangements for car problem, then called taxi to ferry my ass to work that day. Relatively cheap repair as the shop where my son works gives healthy discounts to family members. Car tow, new starter, and new oil pan gasket replaced for less than $260.00. (Apparently small oil leak from oil pan shorted out starter.)
But - easily the best part of my afternoon of shopping was the company. You see . . . as I was heading off to shop - I ran into the ever-delightful Patricia Shackelford. And she was totally game to take part in this completely rudder-less adventure.
I love the smell of lavender. When I returned to the US, a basket of dried lavender was packed away into one of my many boxes. It took awhile to find it but as soon as I opened the box and pulled out the basket, the room was filled with the scent of summer adventures in France. Bicycle trips, river rafting, hiking and wonderful dinners under the stars. It helped me feel at home again in my home country. Enjoy!
The 4th Stray Cat Rock movie is yet another solid entry in the series. Whilst it doesn’t change that much plot-wise from the other three, it is still an entertaining and exciting movie for those that have followed them. The trademarks from previous movies (great funky music, colourful 70′s fashion and more singing inside a groovy nightclub) all appear once again and we even get to hear Meiko Kaji’s dulcet tones. By now Kaji had established herself as the star of the series and pulls in another fine performance although her role isn’t as strong as the previous movie (Sex Hunter) as the plot doesn’t directly concern her character. She still looks great in her white dress and black hat though. The supporting cast contribute hugely to the enjoyment of this movie especially Bunjaku Han, Eiji Go and Tatsuya Fuji who plays a nicer character to the one he played in Sex Hunter. So far the series has been rather tragic in it’s plotlines and that continues here. You didn’t expect a happy ending did you!!! One of the highlights is a rather cool sequence as the Alleycats head off to a Honda motorbike dealer and come back out in their mopeds and give chase to the Dragons’ leader Sakura in his side-car through various outdoor and inside locations.
Seat 4: BluesGrinder ($22.60 in chips)
All of these assessments, measurements, and tests are essentially designed the same way. When you design a test, no matter what it's purpose, you start out with a goal. For example, the goal of a Driver's License Exam is to ensure that new drivers are adequately prepared for everything they might encounter while driving, so they can be safe. The goal of a pre-employment test is to ensure that the test taker has the aptitude or ability to succeed in the job. And the goal of a scholastic achievement test is to ensure that students are learning the things that the state Department of Education believes they should learn. So, to one degree or another, all assessments start with a "performance standard", a minimum acceptable outcome, in mind. In other words, all tests know what "good" looks like.
Off to the Weary Boys in the tent. They had the tourists clapping and jigging around in the dirt and sounded awesome. I remember when the original festival was packed with Austin acts. Now I think you can count them on two hands. It's a shame, but the Boys did Austin proud.
Only brags when he’s done something brilliant. For millions of years. Its worse if you doubted him. (Torres’ hat trick)
Still, Israel wants the world to step up the pressure on Iran. Israeli officials say the only way to prevent Iran from acquiring nuclear weapons is to impose tougher sanctions backed up by a credible military threat.
Which brings me to this:
thankyouforyourpatience
It was so much easier to see when I detached myself from the chaos and entanglement of daily living. And things started to fit into their natural place smoothly - the focusses of A to Z were crisp and clean, harmonising deeply into a beautiful state. It is these moments that I live for. When I am magically aroused but so peaceful. It is the point in which my soul feels so magnified and the body less of a burden but an instrument in which to express and experience. The point in which I am listening to the voice of the universe and am at one with the whole of creation.
That because of us,
This year the Alabama Crimson Tide rose to the top of the college football scene, earning the right to be called the best of the best. Their only regular season loss came at the hands of LSU in overtime; a loss soon forgotten as Alabama crushed LSU 21-0 in the BCS championship game. Along with the title of National Champions, Alabama was also privileged to take home the coveted BCS coaches trophy. This beautiful, crystal trophy is hand-sculpted in Ireland, and is valued at $30,000. Unfortunately for Alabama, their prize for all that hard work and dedication came crashing to the ground last Saturday. One of the player’s fathers accidentally tripped on the rug that sits beneath the trophy, knocking it off its podium during practice. Suddenly the exquisite symbol of their athletic achievement lay shattered on the ground in just a matter of seconds. This fiasco in Alabama reminds us that no matter how spectacular our worldly accomplishments might be, they will not last.
I am so excited to bring you the first Style Talk Interview of 2010! I had the pleasure of connecting with New York interior designer Elaine Griffin. Last year I gave away a copy of Elaine’s new book, Design Rules: The Professional’s Guide To Do-It-Yourself Home Style. And today, Elaine has been kind enough to share with us her journey to interior design and some of her best kept secrets for creating the perfect space.
A couple of weeks ago, we discovered that Lowe's has these awesome horseshoe magnets for $1.70 a piece. Today we bought three more of them (one for each kid, because I was attempting to minimize fights). We decided to learn some things about magnetism. So I pulled out one of our science experiment books, and a piece of poster board, and we got to it. We decided to record our findings on the poster, then as we learn more, we can add on.
Add sun-dried tomatoes, artichokes and spices. Mix well and let cook about 3 minutes. There should be juices in the pan from the mushrooms and vegetables. If the pan is dry, add more oil or vegetable broth. Stir in the Worcestershire sauce, liquid smoke and nutritional yeast and let cook about 3 minutes.
My friend's comment sent me on a quest to see if the Podengo was that mystery dog we kept seeing all over Portugal. It is. The Podengo comes in smooth coat and wire coat in three sizes: Small (Pequeno), Medium (Medio) and Large (Grande). And it's not just any dog breed from Portugal...it's the national dog breed of Portugal. I guess that explains why they were everywhere. And when I say everywhere, I mean everywhere. Rural Portugal doesn't seem to have any sort of enforced leash laws, so these scruffy dogs were running around the countryside, wandering through the city streets and begging for food at restaurants, without their owners anywhere to be found.
What's the worst thing you've done, had to do, or had happen to you as a writer? Did you kill off a favorite character? Did you delete your unfinished novel in a fit of despair -- or worse, did you delete it by accident? Were you laid off from your writing job? Did you get really drunk one night and write an orgy scene in the middle of your children's novel? Violate Godwin's Law when raging at the publishing industry? Offend someone critical to your career or cite incorrect facts? Yell "FIRE" in a crowded library just to get some peace and quiet? Make horrendous grammar mistakes, misspell your own name in a query letter, or make a really embarrassing typo involving the name "Denis"?
* Photo entries must be sent to us at: contests@littledivatutus.com ONLY. Please do not post your entries on our Facebook Fan Page. We will do that when all the entries have been received.
Narrow minded. “Lacking in flexibility or breadth of vision”. We refuse to expand our vision to include junk food thoughts. Junk food wreaks havoc with your body and the same is true of your mind. Allowing ourselves to lose focus by giving precedence to those things which are not productive to our vision just screws everything up and slows us down. Who needs that? Not me. I have some very big goals in mind. A big goal take a big vision with no room for spots.
Did you not know about all the people who cared?
I rescheduled an EMG from last Wednesday to today. When we (meaning me and the phone girl on the other end at the Doctor’s office) agreed to “next Friday at 8 am.” She never said the date. I am not superstitious in any way, but still… well it was creepy.
And here is Phil and I at the annual Bridge School Benefit! I love this concert and don't know why we don't try and go every year. I used a sketch from my good friend Heather who keeps coming up with the most amazing design ideas. Lots of older Basic Grey papers and a few Prima embellishments.
Also, Cusack portrayed an accurate depiction of Poe (in my eyes–based on what I have read about Poe’s life). The movie allowed me to view Poe in a different light. After you read about his biography, you think he is a bit disturbed and crazy. I mean, who wouldn’t? It’s Poe! After viewing “The Raven” I sorta had a new found respect for Poe. I empathized with him on a whole new level and saw a romantic side of him that I was unable to see before.
I really had a great time making this mini album...
I shrugged.
Now hop to the Serendipity Stamps Design Team for more inspiration!! *Ü*
He denied that Zulu people ever lived or owned any of the properties in Winterskloof.
And here is her message...
May 14, 2012 / Toronto, Canada / The Legendary Horseshoe Tavern
It takes me back to the Blitz, even though I wasn't there.
All that to say, since I'm blogging so much at They Don't Make 'Em Like They Used To, I don't have as much time for this blog; however, I'm not going to abandon it completely. I am going to post here occasionally---when I feel I have something really important to say. And today I feel I have something important to say. Actually, it's not I who is saying it. It is a man---Pat Archbold---writing for the National Catholic Register, but he very much echoes my own thoughts about how women in society now tend to want to be "hot" rather than "pretty." This article is very insightful and thought-provoking, and I encourage all of you to read it. Although I've copied and pasted the article below, HERE is the link to the actual article
Cause I’ll keep trying till you come on home …
Considering I am marketing and not sales I feel a little annoyed at having to go along to another sales meeting.
Regardless of their countless honors, there is something that Hodad's offers that can only be experienced. It has a one-of-a-kind surf-punk, beach bum vibe. "No shirt, no shoes, no problem" doesn't even begin to describe it.
15 us
All photos must be in compliance with the Contest Rules. PAWS reserves the right to remove photos at any time that are not in compliance with the Contest Rules. We have the following limits on subject matter:
My Statistics and Research Design professor actually said that the class was BRUTAL and that we should be prepared to work 10 to 15 hours a week outside of class and the two hour weekly lab. Seriously. I almost peed my pants right on the spot. The rest of my university classes seem challenging, but manageable. I guess we'll see.
Try this affirmation, say, “I am beautiful/attractive” then wait. Subconscious will often come in and rebuttal with an opposite/negative belief. Now say, “You are beautiful. Subconscious rebuttals, but not quickly, because you have confused subconscious. It wonders what is going on because saying YOU is its job. Now say this over and over, “I am beautiful, you are beautiful, I am beautiful, you are beautiful” Do this for a minute. Notice that subconscious does not interfere; it can't because your mind is playing both your mind and subconscious mind. Subconscious has been thwarted, it doesn't know what to do, and it has no job. It has temporarily lost its “YOU” job and is idle.
Regardless, it's a solid film that I would see again. I've enjoyed other Bollywood films more, but the positives here far outweigh the negatives.
Many handsome guys (who?) are by your side (where?)
This link will tell her story and give a view of her recent work.
Latino/Latina 205 (20.6%)
In addition to the TEK cancellation application (noted here by the IPKat), the Court of First Instance heard another Community trade mark appeal yesterday in Case T‑149/06 Castellani SpA v Office for Harmonisation in the Internal Market; Markant Handels und Service GmbH. Castellani applied to register the sign pictured here as a figurative Community trade mark for "alcoholic drinks (except beers)" in Class 33 (this was later narrowed to "alcoholic beverages except beer, liqueur, sparkling wine and Champagne"). Markant opposed, citing earlier German registrations of the marks CASTELLUM ("wines, with the exception of sparkling wine", in Class 33 and CASTELLUCA "wines", in Class 33), maintaining that on account of the similarity of the parties' respective marks and the identity of their respective goods there existed a likelihood of confusion of the relevant consumers in Germany.
-EC
you now lie; eyes closed; silently
Since they couldn’t agree they decided to ask the old man. They approached him and one of the students said to him,
In Mali, the concept of time is imprecise. The weight of the past is ever-present and the impending future never arrives. The capital city, Bamako, exudes hustle, but nothing ever seems to happen and no one seems to get anywhere. Buildings are perpetually half-built, paved roads become dirt roads (only to be paved again), and change is always ephemeral.
If you’re looking for the sheer gorgeousness of male ass-kicking, go for Gina Carano in Haywire. It was a tricky choice. But the scene I remember as being so memorable was in Hanna, when our weirdly angelic fairy tale princess (Saoirse Ronan) finds herself on a date with a boy, thanks to her new teenage friend Sophie (Jessica Barden, who’s fantastic). Listening to some flamenco guitar music and sitting in front of a flickering fire, Hanna sits next to this boy while Sophie makes out with one of her own until eventually the boy decides the time is right to make a move. We’ve seen this a million times in film — and considering that Hanna has enjoyed all manner of other awakenings with Sophie, we fully expect some kind of never-been-kissed magical scenario here.
Other Examples?
Many of the plants are already in bud with the milder weather. A very pretty pale creamy yellow daffodil (unnamed) that I was given by a friend in Orkney is just starting to show. It would have been better if I hadn't stood on one clump.
Looks like tomorrow might be a rest day, so thinking I will have to find some yoga program to do, Or if the weather is nice, head out and do some photo hunting.
In today’s electronic society it is not beyond the realms of incongruity to say millions of Kindle E Readers were probably given as presents to loved ones this Christmas, what did surprise the Big Dollop however was an article in various American Media outlets which reported that in the seven days prior to Christmas over 1,534,414 background reports were filed with the FBI in relation to the sale of firearms.
And a convocation of eagles.
1916
This doesn’t happen too often for me– I’m hardened and patient enough with any country’s problems to stick it out for a while. But my last encounter a few years ago went something like this:
So how can this help? As parent’s teachers and leaders there is a simple 3 step process you can apply when with your children, charges or team:-
After a few years of listening to this CD non stop, I lost it. I was heartbroken. I feared I would never see this comp again. And it took almost another 3 years of searching high and low before a copy popped up on eBay. I put in a $50 bid right away. I was not going to let this go! I ended up getting it for around $4 or something. And since I bought this (probably in 2002 or 2003) I have yet to see another copy for sale.
You are a contemptible lot, over yonder. Some of you are Commissioners, and some Lieutenant-Governors, and some have the V. C., and a few are privileged to walk about the Mall arm in arm with the Viceroy; but I have seen Mark Twain this golden morning, have shaken his hand, and smoked a cigar—no, two cigars—with him, and talked with him for more than two hours! Understand clearly that I do not despise you; indeed, I don’t. I am only very sorry for you, from the Viceroy downward. To soothe your envy and to prove that I still regard you as my equals, I will tell you all about it.
In 2009 Canadians consumed 3.79 kg of cheddar cheese per capita. Cheddar Cheese is nearly a third (it is actually 31%) of the total cheese consumed by Canadians each year. That means that, on average, every man, woman and child eats 8.4 pounds of Cheddar Cheese a year.
Turk: "Bro?" Dude, bros don't even use "bro." You're not as hip as you think you are.
& LSH Members!
No point in trying to catch up on what we've been up to, too busy.
The links to the other parts are below.
The foam came cut the right length by the fabulous Joann employees, however, it was a bit too wide for the bench. To cut the foam, we started by placing the MDF board on top of the foam and marking the exact size with a black Sharpie marker:
It begins with love, it ends with love and it is carried out with passion and an unstoppable heart.
That makes him a real WINNER in what matters most.
His work in New Hampshire has attracted a great deal of attention; 8W, 4L, 2.86 ERA, 88IP, 81H, 7HR. While in Lansing it was noted that he allowed 1 homerun in 124 IP. Toronto fans must cheer this kid on, as he is one of a few young starters in a Jay’s rotation that is looking very solid so far.
With nothing as it seems.
How did Pigibit5 form?
Yesterday I went looking in local shops for some long pants to wear in winter. I wear jeans quite a bit but sometimes one needs something slightly more adult - but the choice was somewhat underwhelming, falling between pull-on pants with no waistband and pull-on pants with elastic all round, with smart office wear somewhere in the middle. There are still a few shops I haven't tried (they are in the shopping mall on the other side of the river which some locals don't like to cross, much to our amusement) I am not holding out any great hopes that something suitable will be found. Or even exist......left over from my working days are some grey pants which have a plain front band and elastic across the back; they were loose when first bought and now the elastic has lost its stretch so much that it would be a very brave person who put them on. But that's easily replaced, so it looks as though I have myself a little sewing task.
I don’t trust politicians who say that five paper copies of environmental reports are all that is required for a population of three hundred thousand. I don’t trust developers who think that sewage ponds are “natural wildlife habitat” and that they can safely manage the discharge of millions of kilos of liquid turds, urine and cleaning chemicals into the environment.
SONA Leak
Stir again before serving,
Gabriel took on IKEA like a champ!! He put up with my browsing and oohing and ahhing for hours without a peep! He actually kinda got into it with me. He would find something he liked and point at it excitedly and go "Ooh!" or "Oh! Wow!" Hahaha--crazy kid. He was pooped by the time we left though! He conked right out in the car on the way home....
I recently watched a movie called “Fierce People” and it caused a stirring in my mind, as so many other things do. In the final dialogue of the film the main character states, “We are the sum of all people we have ever met; you change the tribe and the tribe changes you.”
- There's this theorem, one from my work, listen. This is funny. I work for a Jap company. Man, the stuff in our manuals, such Japglish, shit, you know? There is this measurement you, you know, like, for the heart, it's called the continuity something, the Continuity Equation, but the manual says, like, "many point of measurement to equal together", or something. I mean, what is that? Continuity Equation. Something to do with Bournoulli's equation, theorem, something. Flow in flow out, sorta thing.
Tonight the kids and I spent the evening with the new pool that I got from the extremely pregnant one at work that you read about yesterday. The kids of course loved the little built in slide!
Modern Pirates, Sex Slavers, Human Trafficking
I may not know the full story behind my trials, my sagas in life . . . just as some of the other biblical characters didn't know theirs, but there are a few things I do know:
While a misty, 50-degree day may be good for stomping around the Irish countryside or staying inside with hot tea and a sweater and a good book, it's definitely not playing-the-harp-outdoors weather. Especially not the Lyon & Healy, which I needed to play because the soloist would be singing the Malotte "Lord's Prayer."
I am blessed. I've been lucky to be able share my love for the game of baseball with my son. Wondrously, during the hundreds of games we have attended and watched together I've been able to witness him fall in love with the game too. In a way, I am jealous of him because he has literally has grown up going to the ballpark. His is an era where availability and access to the game was unheard of in my day.
APOLLO
Assembly: When the pastry cream is cold, spread it on top of the cake (with parchment paper still underneath cake). Lift up the cake using the paper and roll it on itself. Wrap in parchment paper and refrigerate overnight or up to one day.
- He did not threaten to take benefits away from welfare recipients
Jesse: No, no, no…I mean, the only happiness I get is when I’m out with my son. I’ve been to marriage counseling, I’ve done things I never thought I would have to do. I lit candles, bought self-help books, lingerie…
“These are not just little errors,” Kessler said, adding that consorting with prostitutes could easily lead to blackmail, which could put the president at risk.
I must confess, I love pickles...any kind, dill, sweet, hot, half sour, but dill pickles, are my all-time favorite. I could munch on it, just by itself. Why would you want to pay $2.00 for a large dill pickle from the deli, or buy a jar of the refrigerated Kosher Dill's for up to $5.00 for a large jar, or even more! Those pickles are very good, and crispy crunchy, but sometimes they are too sour, too garlicky, or not sour enough. When you make your own brine for your pickles, you know that they are pure...no preservatives, no funny "off" taste, just pure fresh, crunchy dill pickles.
Did my plans materialise? Not on your life.LOL! I turned 27 last month, I am not married, I don’t have any kids and most importantly, I am not living anywhere near China. So what have the last 10 years looked like? here are some highlights that came to mind today:
This challenge requires a Crafty Pad image to participate.
Photo courtesy of Geoff Mayes Media
On my current client, I am using Microsoft SQL Server 2008 R2 and SSIS, Integration Services.
From that point on, support at meetings in Barking and Dagenham started to dwindle. And not only was attendance at branch meetings falling off, but the number of ward news letters going out was diminishing. As early as late 2008, the overall picture in Barking and Dagenham was that the borough was starting to slip away. And Head Office was becoming ever more remote.
(2) Interpret the Constitution the way God wanted.
One of the main functions and benefits of drinking aloe vera juice is that it helps to improve the immune system of the body. This it does by releasing high doses of antioxidants in the body that get rid of the free radicals (which lead to aging and release of other harmful toxins) and help in improving the immunity of the body.
Germany tells Russia to stop looking at Austria, or Germany will render Russia incapable of such action.
decided ... what the h*** ... and bought one.
I will be giving away a gift certificate for $10.00 to Creative Kuts to one Lucky Winner.
BATTLESHIP – MAY 18
Trying to forget about my week's stress, today I took P to The Red House, the former home of William Morris and a wonder to behold. I told P I wanted decor inspiration for the new flat, but he was none too pleased when he realised that would mean floral wallpaper and patterned ceilings! Here's a few of the photos I managed to sneak while the staff weren't looking...
whao I rarely get excited when I see a new lookbook (maybe it's cause I'm always so busy or maybe I'm just a big a-hole) but when I saw this on BecauseImAddicted I had an instant urge to repost this GOOD ASS styling....
56 Milner Road
These towers here were Coltan's favorite. If you notice the bottom part of the tower is the parking garage and the top part are the condo's. Depending on what floor, these condos were 300-1 million. At least that is what a cabby told me. A quick picture of Carson and I.
HOW TO PLAY: As we get ready to honor the independence of the good ole U.S.A, let's see your patroitism shine! Use red, white and blue if you hail from the United States. If you live in other parts of the world, turn to your nation's flag for inspiration! Use your country's color combo and you’ll be in the running to win the entire new release bundle! Use the keyword FLLCJUNE11 if you upload to Splitcoaststampers.com. You have until next Friday, June 10th at 5 PM EST to enter. The winner will be announced Saturday on the Flourishes Blog! Just click HERE for all the contest rules!
I Fly The Flag, a 4th of July poem:
I haven’t watched a lot of Woody Allen films over the years, but from what I’ve seen they have some common themes. They are urban, conversational, quirky, and wholly lacking in pyrotechnics, which in my view is a pleasant change from the Hollywood convention of sandwiching spurts of plot-necessitated dialogue between explosions of all sorts. What I had not expected to find of Mr. Allen was a critique of a contemporary Evangelical Christian trend through the vehicle of a Parisian romantic comedy. I doubt that Woody Allen intended his movie Midnight In Paris to be a biblical criticism of this unfortunate trend, but good theology shouldn’t be ignored just because it was accidentally promoted. By the way, if I might turn movie critic for a moment, I give Midnight In Paris a thumbs up unless you are in the mood for balls of fire lighting up the sky.
George Lazenby
People don’t even stop for the traffic light
Favorite Quote: “Every day you get a chance to stay the same, take a step back, or take a step forward.”
Next week I'm GD for UNITY STAMPS so make sure you check them out!! LOVE their red rubber!!
And lifts her leafy arms to pray;
A is for Age: 36
When they begin to cut the skin and fur from an animal’s leg, the free limbs kick and writhe. Workers stomp on the necks and heads of animals who struggle too hard to allow a clean cut.
And yet, while they share certain distinctions (like the fact that I met both around the same time – Jake in the spring of 2004, Cosby in the summer), they are two completely different men. And represent completely different parts of my personality. The best way to describe their differences is through the comparison of Ne-yo and Trey Songz (artists who share the rare distinction of me owning every official CD they’ve produced, either through itunes or actual CD – so clearly I like them lol). It seems funny at first, but really, both guys are like these men – at least in my life. Jake is Ne-yo, the good guy, clean cut, but can switch it up when he wants to. He’s the romantic who still likes to play around. Cosby is Trey, a little more rugged, but still looks damn good in a suit; he’s the guy who seems like he’s just about sex when you first see him – but there’s something else in there that draws you to him.
On the bright side we also decided that after the punishment was dished out we would not dwell on it, so she got on with decorating the house as originally planned. Anyway I think her young cousins probably enjoyed all the pink sparkly Barbie decorations more that her friends would have.
"The vintage style is very popular, and it is simply to make your card or
Some interesting facts about them:
Despite having bailed on our chosen ingredient, the husband and I are looking forward to seeing what fellow bloggers have done with the vegetable/fruit. If you're looking for some refreshing cocktail ideas to serve at your next summer soiree, please visit The Diva on a Diet at Beach Eats for an upcoming roundup of all entries to this month's Thirsty Thursday Challenge!
I believe it was during Micky Dolenz' scat-singing routine in "Goin' Down" that I realized my keys weren't in my pocket anymore. I looked around on the ground and couldn't find them. Most folks would've bolted right then, but those tickets set me back at least 15 bucks and I wasn't going to miss one goddamn second of Mike Nesmith-less Monkee magic.
The upshot of all this is that, not being able to play vinyl in class, and refusing to pay for music I already own - and having to work with a music library that's done a good job purchasing stuff I need for class but still has its gaps - I've had to resort to so-called "illegal" downloading on a regular basis. Not that I think anything I've done should actually be considered illegal, but that's a topic for another post. And not that having downloaded a bunch of music for free is anything that deserves congratulations - in this day and age it's a given. What I find ironic is that I was pretty much forced into the situation of doing so by the horrendously inadequate technical facilities provided in the classrooms where I taught.
OMAHA, Neb. (AP) -- The young father stood in line at the Kmart layaway counter, wearing dirty clothes and worn-out boots. With him were three small children.
In the bowl of a stand mixer, cream the butter and sugar together at medium speed until light and fluffy. Add the eggs, one at a time, beating until each is incorporated. Add the vanilla extract and sour cream and beat at low speed until combined.
its various untruths.) ! !
I have a couple fun new cupcakes to share with you...
Thank you Julie for your unconditional love and to everyone else who participated in that event!
Feb 16 2:50-3:40 Make-up Class with Rosal (SHB-320)
Traits that are neither useful nor harmful can become less prevalent in a population over time, but that’s not natural selection. That can happen by a process called genetic drift. Removal of a trait from a population by genetic drift is something that can happen by chance, but it’s not something that “tends” to happen. There’s no reason expect genetic drift to “dispense with” a particular unneeded trait.
Lucky that Charlie Drake isn't still around then!
Next November, can take this doctor's advice and stop the insanity?
Wow, do I feel better now!
And such borrowing becomes problematic if the money isn’t paid back, or if it is, if it’s paid back at less than full value, either due to financial haircuts or inflation.
Talk to you soon...
lot
WHEN & WHERE: Items can be delivered to: Hillsides 940 Avenue 64, Pasadena, CA 91105
Well after buying the books from Amazon, I sat up last night and started reading "The Clutter Diet"to try and get some motivation to start on my way to de-cluttering my home and my life!
Pretty good first day, I reckon.
So upon a paper, I would write countless words, letting them flow with the iron ink blotting and clotting into the sheet.
Please respond with details.
She could and she did. It is not over yet and I am not all better yet (not by a long shot) but I finally understand that what happened was not my fault AT ALL.
Although we do have a fireplace, we don't have a mantle. Insert sad face here. So I had to get creative with stockings this year. After draping the garland and tying it off with raffia, I decided to go ahead and do the same with our stocking--tie them to the bannister with raffia. This is the first thing you see when you walk in our front door.
by Kee Thuan Chye
The secret polka dot facings and pockets
Afterwards we hosed ourselves off and got changed. We hung around for a while listening to the music and taking in the moment… mostly just not wanting to move. I planned on staying for the after party but we were all so unbelievably dog tired that we decided to head into town for an extremely well deserved dinner and then head home. We went to the nicest place we could find, which was some sit down steak house filled with middle aged people wearing khakis and dresses. We had mud stained shirts on, probably smelled horribly, I had a mohawk and all of us had skin dyed some sort of color from the Chernobyl Jacuzzi. We met some very nice locals while waiting for our seats and talked to them about Tough Mudder and they were all incredibly impressed and enthused. Some woman even gave us 40 dollars to split between the 4 of us, we told her she didn’t have to but she said she wanted to. All of us had massive steaks. 3 of us had 20 oz. ribeyes. We ate like kings.
As a gypsy, I'm fascinated with all things travel so I have to ask you where your favorite spot is on Earth? I have not been EVERYWHERE, but so far—the Italian country side, Tuscany region to be exact. I would happily take a year off and just go live there, Under-the-Tuscan-Sun style.
“Life’s tallest order is to keep the feelings up, to make two dollars’ worth of euphoria go the distance. And life can’t do that. So fiction does.” – Stanley Elkin
This song featured last night in a dream. I remember thinking, "oh, I recognize this - it's unusual for this store to be playing it". At least, I think it was a dream - it may well have happened yesterday. Life has been a little blurry lately...
Furthermore, Jules does the talking as the two retrieve the briefcase from their target. These instances of a black man in charge over a white man challenge the ideological assumption of race that Anglo Americans are superior to other races.
His mouth was a ribbon, his body Paradise.
Ah, wait a minute, I see.
They then took his crutches and takkies. A man who saw the incident recorded it on his cellphone.
Karla: It’s part of your Redwood Pack series, I realize, but where specifically did the idea for this story come from?
To find the answers of the questions, I suggest you try some of the following strategies:
Did the writer, Jason Horowitz actually ever attend high school as a normal American male? I did, and the part about teasing about 'presumed homosexuality' is an absolute hoot. Guess what, Jason? Teenage boys routinely tease each other about such matters, no matter how macho they appear. The bit with the scissors is a little over the top,maybe would even classify as borderline assault in these politically correct days when metal detectors adorn our public schools. But things went on in my high school that were much worse. I mean, has Horowitz ever actually been in a high school locker room and seen the towels snap, or witnessed a group of testosterone crazed males play tackle in gym class or in the park after school when they were supposed to be playing flag or touch, ? Has he ever seen a couple of high school kids meet someplace quiet after school and settle their differences mano a mano? Even today,it still happens all the time,and certainly back in 1965.
I stormed across the apartment and flung open the door and declared that I was practically starving and had been so excited because for once we actually had the exact food I was craving and I saw the look of recognition dawn on Paul's face as I stood there, eyes flashing.
You see, I'm done with my internship, and done with school. Does that mean I have to get a job? I think it does...
If the Fifth Circuit sides with Abbott, the red light for Thursday’s scheduled execution of Adams would return to green, though any ruling would be subject to appeal to the U.S. Supreme Court.
I probably haven't watched it since I was in high school... maybe I caught a few episodes of it on MTV or wherever it may have resurfaced when I was in college, but viewing it now as I am quickly approaching my (hold me, I'm about to type it) middle age years, it is a totally different experience.
When we came together we got in groups and put our puppies in ABC order by their collars. The collars, sight words, and other ideas are all in the unit.
The hood came off; I was sat in what appeared to be the cellar of a pub. I heard the rumble of tatty bearded old men walk above and discussions regarding the true origin of IPA and an argument about sparklers. The smell of pongy ale was overpowering. They gave me a pint of dark pongy liquid they referred to as “bitter” alongside a bag of something called “pork scratchings” which appeared to be little more than salted cooked fat. “Get that down you, lager lout” they taunted.
Julie Atlas Muz and Mat Fraser will be performing Apocastrip Wow! at The Gershwin Room, Esplanade Hotel, on 21 and 22 February. For more information see www.espy.com.au.
Recently, the NUJP-Bulacan conducted a series of seminar for student journalists from different universities within the province. With the theme “End Impunity, Defend Press Freedom”, the said seminar commemorates the infamous Maguindanao Massacre, condemning the culture of impunity within the country.
Yes, this was a very Eat Pray Love moment for me but what is life if not a collection of little rituals we complete to make ourselves feel better (Aside from maybe brushing your teeth what does the rest really do) and I had gotten so stuck in a little funk about this I needed something big to shake it from my system. (In case you can't tell, I'm very into metaphorical change). I still feel sad for my losses and hurt I have created, but at least I now know it's out there in the world and not just buried in my heart.
10. Do you sleep with the TV on?
On Monday, charges of being party to false imprisonment, impersonating an officer and disorderly conduct were filed against 20-year-old Cody Hobson and 21-year-old Ronald Lyons, both of Sparta.
The afternoon session can always be a tough sell, when everyone has a full tum, but a Q&A panel discussion was the perfect choice. It is fascinating to hear different views on why we blog, for the most part it is financially a thankless task, but rewarding in many other ways. For me personally the buzz is when someone cooks a recipe I have shared, or learns a new technique. Or just has a chuckle. Everyone has their own inspirations, hearing so many different approaches reiterated to me there is no one fit, as the song says “you cant please everybody so you’ve got to please yourself”….or something along those lines!
To develop the story, Tony thought long and hard about the Big Bad Wolf. “My way of finding The Big Idea is to think very very hard about the character: who they are and what they want. Really great stories are the ones that grip you. You encounter the character, you are gripped by the character’s problem, how is he going to solve it? You can say at any one time: What does that character want?”
To make the PB ganache place chopped dark chocolate in a medium-size bowl. Bring cream just to a boil and pour over chocolate. Whisk until chocolate melts. Add peanut butter and confectioners sugar, whisking all till nice and smooth.
Seasoning mashed and sauteed with a little oil until fragrant, add kaffir lime leaves and lemongrass and coconut milk and finally entered the water.
However, with Newt Gingrich continually pressing into Mister Fantastic territory, Rick’s campaign suspension, and the impending conclusion to reality’s low-speed chase with Paul (Paul can barely walk, let alone run; reality is just a lazy bastard), we will soon lose all of our comedy fodder, at the worst time possible. Thus, America, I am proud to announce that… I will be your fodder. I will be the foundation of your laughter. I will be your new target for public mocking, your new source of gaffes. I will be your new candidate for the Republican nomination. I may be too young to run for the President, but are age limits not just an over-extension of the government’s power? Yes, they are. Shut up and start agreeing with me. You have to. I’m a Republican presidential candidate.
I chose a card style that really stretches my comfort zone...CAS (clean and simple). I like the look when other people do it but I'm not so sure about mine. I used CPS Birthday Celebration Day #5 sketch for this card.
Have a go at your priorities! Whether they be life, home, work or blogging, it's an investment of your time that will return discernment, peace and stability to the aspects of life that are most challenging. Make sure to date your pyramid so you can look back on it to check yourself or restructure when new opportunities come your way.
'Shame' and 'honor,' then, are the only things that count? Ever?
In my brother's case, I do know what started his slide into addiction. He was two years younger than me. He was the blue eyed, golden haired poster baby and everyone made a big fuss over him. He was always the center of attention and he could do no wrong. Then we acquired a blonde, blue eyed baby girl sister when he was 7. Suddenly, he was no longer the star of the show. Getting into trouble and punishment were new to him. Mom had remarried and our step-father was very demanding, expecting my brother to grow up and "Be a man". It warped my brother's sense of what he should be and he could not be what he thought our step-father wanted. At 15 he was already an alcoholic. He could not measure up. I know my brother blamed my sister's arrival for his problems, although he did not blame her directly. Babies have a habit of taking the spotlight away from others who seem to need it. The other thing with my brother was hypoglycemia, a pre-diabetic condition. I have also seen this to be the case in many alcoholics.
It is clear, after last night, that Dan was and is the heart and soul of Augustana. It is his personality that propels the performance, giving it honesty, passion, and intimacy. I was thrilled that the set included new songs which sounded like vintage Augustana. Dan promised that somehow, in some form, this music will get out into the world, hopefully in a CD. I can only hope that he will be able to fulfill that promise. One song in particular, “Sunshine,” is still in my blood even though I can only remember snippets of the lyrics and the melody is entirely gone. Something like “shade in the moonlight,” and “right at the wrong time:” playing with opposition the way Augustana — OK, Dan — does so well.
Max Pavillion
Happy pinning, baking, and eating.
Sometimes, you just have to ask in order to receive.
At the end of this conversation, my hope was renewed. She showed us all of the numbers, all of the possibilities, and even helped me make a decision that I had been really struggling with. We could have our answer over what is causing the fluid if I were to have one, invasive test performed. A lot of people have this test done, because let's face it, not knowing for the next 26 weeks could be awful, so I get it. But when Christy asked me how I felt about the test, I told her I wasn't comfortable, I was afraid of something happening, and I just didn't know. She said, very quickly, "Okay, it's off the table!" We were then told of the opportunities that we would have in the future to see the baby as it's growing, and hopefully that would give us more answers. I love her. She's realistic, but clearly, all about this baby having life whatever the outcome is.
This was the first time I’ve actually played 10 hanchans on there in a row, so I was rather surprised to find there was actually a high score screen. ^^;
The Chinese Military Defense is mobilizing their vast units of cloned female soldiers to send into Japan should further earthquakes leave Japan’s borders defenseless. The plan, we have learned, is for the Chinese government to take over all financial institutions within Japan and control all Yakuza territories in drugs, sex traffic, and political corruption, working with the Cabal to force Japan to succumb to the Federal Reserve Bank’s fiat money and Rockefeller/Rothschild rule.
As I fall into the oblivion.
I have another fun card today from the digis at Bugaboo Stamps. This one is going to my cousin who has been a bit ill. I think she is going to giggle up a storm over this one.
Thanks John.
First of all, the volunteer coordinator wasn’t there. He had the wrong Saturday in his calendar for me, but I found out where the geriatric psych ward was, and I went upstairs, on the off chance he was there waiting for me. The recreational therapist was surprised to see me, said she was expecting me next Saturday. I told her I think there’s been a mix-up. She said yah, I think so. She already had someone lined up for the day, a pet therapist.
My time in Mysore has been great. I was ready to finally settle after travelling non-stop for two weeks. The longer I am on this trip, the more I appreciate how well it has been organized. We are able to travel and see many places, while at the same time, have the opportunity to stay and learn one location. The living arrangements in Mysore can be acquainted to that of residence in first year. It is great to be able to see everyone all the time but at the same time I see everyone all the time haha. When we are in the North we live with local families. I have billeted before when I was in Katimavik, so I am really excited to do it again. Although there is always some apprehension about entering someone else's place whom you do not know, it will be the best way to actually experience life in India.
First, they will say: 'I want you to run reviews on time from now on.' They will say this as though it is an amazing idea that may never have occurred to you before. They will have given a specific rival newspaper the once-over and noticed that you've run a couple of things after they have. 'All I want you to do,' chuckled one editor, 'is to review everything the Daily Telegraph reviews, a week before they do it.' At least he knew how daft he was being. (He meant it, though.)
A servant with a yearn to rule,
My inspiration for this week’s Tartan & Sequins Style File was Southern California in the 1960s. The thing about the 1960s that really speaks to me is how transitional it was, in terms of style and the world at large. Mod style was the halfway point between the wholesome 1950s and the hedonistic 1970s, and I think it would make a perfect setting for an Engagement Session.
On top of the morning sickness, sleep has become impossible. The hip pain is unbearable and there seems to be nothing I can do to help alleviate it. I've tried a pillow between my legs, warm baths, a pillow underneath my hip, and Tylenol before bed. Nothing works. I spend the majority of the night flipping from side to side trying to find a spot/position that will afford me at least twenty minutes of sleep before I have to flip over again. Not to mention the fact that my bladder remains in a constant state of "full." I literally pee every five seconds. AND they tell me it's only going to get worse as the babies continue to grow.....I guess I better prepare to move in to the bathroom because between the morning sickness and my bladder, I'm spending an awful lot of quality time with ole John......
The United States was “measles-free” during calendar year 2000, with no reported measles cases at all, however this has significantly changed for the worse during the intervening decade. As a notifiable disease, all cases of measles are reported to the Centers for Disease Control. In 2011, 222 cases of measles were reported in 31 states, marking the highest number of US cases in over 15 years. The 222 cases in 2011 resulted in 70 patients (32%) with complications serious enough to warrant hospitalization, however no US deaths due to infection were observed.
“All right, just for the sake of argument, I’ll go along with the possibility of the over-zealous admirer scenario, but Gray, she wasn’t irritable and she wasn’t scared. She simply didn’t—and I believe doesn’t—like you.”
1. He was in love with someone else days after we parted
11 needle
There was this one ape of a pink man, who liked burgers and french fries and turkey cheese sandwiches for lunch every day. He walked around the floor insulting and picking on a few of his underling colleagues. He was assisted by his cronies. There was the man who liked being mothered by his Jamaican secretary and when he once yelled at her in crunch time, all hell broke loose. And things weren't calm until he apologized to her and bought her a gift. There was the man addicted to sex, and specially with Asian women because, as he admitted once, "they were eager to please." There was the intelligent Princeton graduate who really should have been a civil servant, but found himself crunching numbers for stupid mortgage backed deals -and was slowly getting enticed by the money. There was the Jewish man with short arms and reptilian eyes. He made himself a mentor to women and spoke nonstop, and once said that "the paychecks keep coming and after a while you stop to even notice." There was the Indian woman who wanted to be a freshly minted american citizen. And the day she did become one, she came in her knee length dress, and said, "I am a freshly minted american citizen." That was before her water broke - in the office- after which she became a mother and was the only banker who left at 6 pm. There was the "short man" trader with a personality and temper that more than compensated for his lack of height. He tried to take me under his wing - picked up a phone and said "this is how we get things done."
It is good to just start by asking “what’s next?” What’s my next step in my life’s project?
Paper: Imaginisce, October Afternoon, & Sassafras
fascinating
World two: The agony of so much of the world. The poverty. The death. The starvation. Sickness. Things I cannot write about here because I will protect my children's privacy but suffice it to say we are in the midst of some deep, deep stuff. And let me tell you that mothering as an adoptive mother, more specifically as a transracial international adoptive mother is just like any other mothering except it isn't. Not in the least. It never will be.
Indication electricity—This time period means the Indication of electric power in the automobiles through to an energy download without the need for internally connected wire connections. This electricity production is proper in milliwatts.
I’ve been thinking of tomato rice lately. Back in university days, my friends and I used to dine in at a stall near the hostel. A Malay uncle was selling nasi tomato (tomato rice) there. His tomato rice was served with a chicken drumstick and few slices of cucumber. It was the only tomato rice I tried.
Here's to Rotten Rejections!
"This has been a landmark year for the Company following the sale of the free trade business whilst also navigating a particularly difficult set of trading conditions.
“I haven’t seen you in weeks! You can see my new jeep.”
Converter
The contraceptive pill was developed in 1952 and will celebrate its half-century this year. Becoming widely prescribed through the 1960s, it offered women an escape from the fear of constant pregnancy, and its dangerous consequences. But the discovery of synthetic female hormones had other consequences. Women who did not wish to have their monthly period at inconvenient times were advised that they could take the pill continually, removing their natural cycle altogether. While this removed the inconvenience of pain and blood during high days and holidays it also removed from women their particular connection with natural cycles, whether of the moon or the seasons, which many women report are closely related to their menstrual cycle. In other times and cultures this connection is a source of pride and even reverence.
This is perfect for anyone who is yet to experience anything slightly left-of-centre in their jazz, as it's still very accessible, but extremely intriguing. Essential to anyones collection.
Next stop and one we also had our eye on when we drove in was Lickety Splitz, this too located on Rt 16 in North Conway but before the main part of town. I think it was the playground that did it for me knowing i could enjoy my ice cream while the kids played. This is more of your typical ice cream shop but pretty neat decor with all vintage decor and lots of seating. They had these old phones lined up against the wall and my son who is just starting to talk found it amusing to pick up every phone and scream "heeewwwwwooooooo!" which entertained the whole place. Too cute! So ice cream time…my choices of the evening were Cake batter and Mint Chocolate chip. My daughter chose Chocolate Lovers (or something like that) which I was quite jealous of after the fact and Scott's Strawberry looked suuper refreshing.. The Mint was what I expected nothing special but still good and the cake batter was the traditional yellow cake batter and was really good and nice and smooth. Always a favorite. They also had a sundae bar with tons of toppings which Holly of course had to get and smothered her ice cream with homemade whipped cream and sprinkles. It was late but we had plenty of time for the kids to enjoy the small playground as we enjoyed our ice cream. Oh and my guess is they too serve Gifford's ice cream.
Like many people, I endeavor to keep my emotional life within a comfortable range: not too negative and not overly extreme in the positive either. I stay somewhere in the middle where things are safer and less threatening – less likely to upset me or disappoint me. This works, but it can lead one to miss out on some important currents in life by being too conservative. I’ve come to believe that my first difficult vision session had a purpose: to break me out of that protective stance and wake me up to a life with more emotional depth. It was as if Ayahuasca were telling me, “You’ve been asleep. Wake up. Now. Here is Fear. You must feel it fully.” Then, in the second session, I was given a respite from this, but also a point of reference of normalcy and peace. I had been shaken by the scruff of my neck, but then shown that this was not what my schooling experience was to be like going forward. The fear episode was not random and meaningless, but an important first step in an arc of experience. Here, in the second session, I was shown the other end of intensity in emotions, and allowed an opportunity to become situated within Ayahuasca’s dimensions.
Murders
And my Illinois fields, and my Kansas fields, and my fields of
I was always rubbish at algebra and probability type tests at school. So no matter how many times I stared at Dara O'Briain's ad on the London Underground for his new maths TV show (School of Hard Sums), I knew I wouldn't get it
We are in a post-Constantinian or post-Christian age in the West. We need to act in light of this reality, not pretending to still have control over the political levers of powers to shape the culture. These kinds of political protests suggested by Pastor Steven makes as much sense as a group of Christian missionaries heading to Iraq and politically protesting some non-Christian cultural artifact.
One thing is I have no idea how to get rid of the flour on the surface and the sides of the mooncakes - it should have looked much prettier without it - I guess I have dusted the mould with too much flour and it looked more obvious on dark color snowskin
Greenpeace has conducted the study in each of the last five years, and no retailer had ever achieved a “green” rating. Until now.
Anyhoo....I thought I would share a few of my favorite cleaning products with y'a'll.
I'll let you know when my (awesome) new website is running and I hope to have a more active blog-life in the near future. At the moment (post-Honours year, post-2011) I'm taking some time to sort out all those little projects I've not had time to deal with (website, deleting old blogs, filing my receipts from 2007 onwards) and I'm pretty excited about some of the things that are about to happen.
I'm not at all sure about Abalone.
After we create our own worries, we then choose to stew on them in our minds until they create stress. We keep fertilizing our stress with self-limiting, self-generating fears, until we then manifest anxiety. We keep packing in and pushing down anxiety, pretending it isn’t happening, until we freely, willingly choose to have parts of our face go numb, panic pulsating throughout our entire body, until we almost hit the floor, or do.
$0.70 off Kellogg's FiberPlus™ Cereal
“My wife always reminds me to be careful about what I say and write. But I know that whatever I write, there will be repercussions. I have always said that poems are weapons. I even have an anthology out called Puisi Itu Senjata but people don’t read it.”
You can’t make something out of nothing.
This is to ward off bad spirits from the orchard and encourage the good spirits to provide a lush crop for the following year.
Update: Neighbourhood blogger Lurking About SE11 has also picked up on the story. He notes a previous attempt to get late opening in a pub on Kennington Cross fell to opposition from locals. Lurking's call to action might be a bit too late (deadline for representations closed yesterday), but this one may run a while.
I woke to the mystic robin trills again this morning — she still thinks she’s a Hermit Thrush and that’s OK with me. A little identity confusion is fine. I have some of that myself…am I a goose? Am I a person? Should I honk or speak? Flap or run?
“You certainly were, Bertie, it was extremely impressive. Quick thinking. Fast reflexes. I am so proud of you.” Reginald closed his eyes with sudden embarrassment.
4 large egg whites, at room temperature
I think the thing that bothers me about this part of the Highlander Message is that I work around kids. I see kids with parents who are millionaires playing side by side with kids who come to school from one bedroom Section 8 apartments. And they like each other. Their hearts are still good, still pure and still unbiased. That's how it should be.
More than 70 people packed the selectmen’s room at town hall Wednesday night to watch a meeting that lasted less than 10 minutes, according to The Enterprise. Unlike most of the selectmen’s meetings over the past six months, Cohasset Town Manager Michael Coughlin did not sit at a table next to the board members. Instead, he stood next to his wife a few feet in front of the first row of spectators. In a unanimous vote, the selectmen stated their intent to dismiss Coughlin after just six months as town manager. Coughlin has been suspended with pay until the selectmen take a final vote whether to fire him, which will take place in at least 30 days. Coughlin is not allowed on town hall property without prior notice. The selectmen, in accordance with the Town Manager Act for Cohasset, signed a resolution to remove Coughlin without cause. The board cited a difference in communication styles as the reason for Coughlin’s termination. The selectmen and Coughlin “do not share in common the same views as to how important manners should be communicated or as to the most effective manner in which those matters should be handled,” the resolution states. Selectman Diane Kennedy was the only member of the board to elaborate on the decision, implying that Coughlin tried to sully the reputation of other town officials. After the selectmen’s meeting, Chairman Edwin Carr met with dozens of residents and town employees in the town hall’s auditorium because some people wanted to voice their displeasure with the resolution to remove Coughlin. Coughlin and other residents will be able to address the issue during a public hearing March 13. The Town Manager Act allows the outgoing official to request a public session before selectmen make a final decision. Douglas Louison, Coughlin’s attorney, said his client Tuesday filed a request for a leave of absence under the federal Family and Medical Leave Act. However, Louison said Coughlin’s request – which gives employees 12 weeks of unpaid, job-protected leave – will not be accepted by the town because federal law requires that the person making the request must have worked for their employer for at least 12 months.
After all, it was his power-base and policies supported by Shabazz that led to this financial mess that Detroit is in. Does Shabazz offer anything constructive to avoid a state takeover? of course not.
Over & owt.
Take the ancient words of Isaiah with you. “For as the heavens are higher than the earth, so are my ways higher than your ways and my thoughts than your thoughts.” Oh, to know the mind of God! But of this I'm sure - the pain of your heart is no surprise to your Maker. He embraced it Himself.
The Police too have been unwittingly seduced and have been known to kneel in strict observance in reverence to this unholy religion. The ordinary Policeman or Women? Well theirs is not to question why or they will face a disciplinary board faster than their feet can touch the ground.
“Honestly, children, I don’t know what it is.” Arnen said. “It just makes me feel hopeful. Your father would know what it actually meant. Your mother and I used to joke that he was good friends with all the stars.”
Within two weeks it was full with Monsanto products,mainly potatoes,lemons,carrots and onions.Cheap for a country under severe austerity.The known label on the net containing the poisonous food: “Planting is prohibited,all rights belong to the producing company”
This is Podge, she is twelve weeks old today, and thought she was very smart to have actually managed to acquire froggie from Meah.
How do your daily interactions nourish you? Are there disagreements or areas of conflict that could be resolved? Are there rituals of respect built into your life? What would life be like if we reflected on and acted with compassion and respect at all times? What would this look like if the world, the workplace, our city, our nation became more compassionate?
Iris, our 20-something year old receptionist, is plagued with a lack of inquisitiveness. She seems happy to show up to work, do what she's always done, and collect her paycheck even when things are changing around her. As the offices go empty and her nameless colleagues seem to fall off the face of the earth, she doesn't bat an eye. When her boss demands that she immediately run strange errands and then, upon her return, has disappeared for days without word, she shrugs her shoulders and etches cryptic messages in black sharpie on walls, furniture, and anything else she happens across. Left to her own devices, she begins arriving at work earlier and earlier and starts spying on the hermit-like man who appears to be living in the adjoining suite. Iris wears her awkward, clumsy personality around herself like a coat, burrowing in deep, comfortable in her uncomfortable nature. She has this unnerving, uncanny way of making the strange seem simply mundane. And that's the trick to the story. That's what makes Radio Iris work.
Each template can be used to create very complex designs in a circular array as main design element, or used in design of negative spaces of any quilt.
lip gloss a go, and the
Serve with a fresh salsas and guacamole…
Submitted By,
I was an Altar Boy, and I said to Father Fitzpatrick, I said, ‘Look! Look at the great number of people!’
And he can shout! But no one hears though it’s loud,
It is true that domestic violence effects all sections of society to one degree or another, although for various reasons, including cultural ones it is more common in non-European communities, in America for instance, murder by a domestic partner is the main cause of premature death amongst black women. However, honour killing, like muti killings, gang rape and female circumcision is a problem which exists almost exclusively amongst the new immigrant community which we have imported into our country.
I am aware that not all warming effects are man made. I am aware that the planet is naturally cyclic and has patterns of warming/cooling that take eons to complete. I am aware that some folks don't think global warming is a matter for humor and won't appreciate my idea. Oh, well. The thing is, my idea is simple, safe, and based on sound scientific principle. There is no reason it could not work...and probably make a lot fewer people unhappy than if we banned beef or automobiles or industry or electricity...but I bet any one of those latter things will happen before anyone ever thinks to simply, literally, lighten up.
(Incidentally: the U7s rugby – 10 played, 7 won, 1 drawn and 2 lost. Given 1 draw and 1 loss was them playing U8s at Blackburn, we were proud as punch and I got to watch my son score his first competitive try and then go on the ‘make’ the winning try in one of his games … proud as punch.)
You can find either one at any bookstore…I think Amazon.ca is currently the cheapest option. Enoch and I may have extra copies you can purchase or borrow off us as well.
Aliases: The Valley Tycoon
We have been forced to hire a Cyber Defence expert who is skilled in prevention of the kinds of internet attacks we have just experienced. On top of this, we also need to invest in additional hardware and servers. We MUST pay for these critical items immediately in order to prevent our website being taken offline again, and for this we need YOUR HELP.
Establish and control schedule for contractual engineering commitments, evaluate status, control the engineering change process, advising Project Manager of potential deviations and institute corrective action and necessary modifications due to changes in the scope or design for performance, quality or cost reasons.
Blessings to all of you.
The cats are sort of fat, and since switching dog food the dog has been pooping in the house and acting weird. But how do you choose a better kibble? The Internet is surprisingly uncooperative in this regard, since it seems like everyone is trying to sell you their food, and there's not much that feels independent. I've decided on Wellness food, because really I still don't know anything but it looks OK and certainly tons better than Beneful. Mostly meat, plus veggies. Not mostly corn filler crap and coloring. It cost me almost over $75 for food for all the pets, but what can you do? Keep feeding your kids Taco Bell and Twinkies? Look at that face!
This little guy is only embroidered on this side right now, and still is wingless and tail-less. He’s also slightly smaller than he is in this picture.
“She liked to ride, and some friends brought her out to where I kept my horses. We had some good times. She liked the outdoors, but I knew real quick it would never work: A cowboy married to an actress?”
Islam affirmed the spiritual equality of women and men. “Whoever does right, whether male or female,” states the Quran, “and is a believer, all such will enter the Garden.” Women therefore won greater protection under the law. The Quran prohibited the killing of daughters. Inheritance laws guaranteed a women a share of her parent’s or husbands’ property. Muslim women had to consent freely to marriage and had the right to an education. In the early days of Islam , some Arab women participated actively in public life.
If, as the gay community have embraced the word “queer”, and black rap stars have embraced the words once used to oppress them, I must embrace a word so long used to deride and intimidate me and mine, then so be it, is it not better to embrace a word than it is to be ruled by one?
LINE 12 mini muffin cups with paper or foil liners
There's also an exciting development about future shows...
Don't get too upset now: I mean, in the ways of professionally approaching the craft. I will always be at least an amateur novelist...... if not anything more.
Camp will be held next weekend as well -- there are still spots available if any young writers in the Ventura County area would like to join us! Learn more at www.writeonbooks.org/festivalofwriting.aspx.
But Kalinda? Just because you're reserved doesn't mean you can hold all these things back from me.
Oceanside Beach
He has his eye on someone else?? Act casual Kate ACT Casual
The story of the blind Chinese Lawyer who is caught between the idea of fleeing or the doom of staying in China to fight literally a "Blind" legal system has sunk in deeply with my conscious. For me I take this case as a personal attack on my family. See I have a Chinese child that is a bi product of gross human rights violations. How "lucky" was Isaac that Chen called attention to forced abortions, that could have been him. But still, Chen's work was not enough to preserve his family ties.
But, having my husband voluntarily give up his basketball game to go with me and be my assistant and driver, was the best part of the whole experience!
Seth: Cool, me neither. I'm gonna go watch some hockey.
tat te karma pravakṣyāmi
The other thing about horsetails is that they tend to like very poor soil; seeing that many of them about isn’t a great sign for any gardener, partly because it means spending the next however many years trying to get rid of them and partly because it means that things that could out-compete them just aren’t growing. I’m less worried about the latter: I think the reason the things that could out-compete the horsetails aren’t growing is that they’ve been hacked back or poisoned every few years. Unfortunately all this did was create an environment where the horsetails are very happy indeed!
Why do I always find something to worry about?
- Minimise your social life so you can go home and feed him/her at certain set hours?
(a couple of clicks)
Paul was giving these Jews in Jerusalem one more chance, not as a nation, for they were set aside. He was speaking to the people as individuals. God was now saving souls by grace through faith. If they would believe on the Lord Jesus Christ they would be saved. That is what he told the jailer in Philippi in Acts 16:31. It certainly worked for him and his family just as it did for me.
I recognize those cabinets, hinges and stove hood! They're the same as my own in my 80's era rental kitchen. Here, a sweet little frame has been put directly onto a cabinet door, and most of the focus goes to the beautiful (and newly? installed) butcher block counters, sink, and window with glass shelves. The hot pink flowers in the sink take it to the next level. I love it when stylists put flowers in the sink.
Now here's the thing. I honestly believe you could read stock quotes and SpongeBob to your kids, but who wants to? Ugh. Eventually it's good to read something that both parents and kids will enjoy.
This is a two-day hop; however, we are only making one project. That should give you two full days to go through the entire hop and leave comments on each blog and become followers of each blog, if you are not already, to be entered to win some of our sponsored prizes! Some blogs may be offering blog candy as well so this is a hop you're gonna wanna finish!
I think my problem comes down to the way I view language: as a tool. For me, language is the means by which we tell stories and by which we think and have ideas. But, to me, language has no beauty in itself. You could write the most beautiful, flowing sentence in the world but unless it evoked a gorgeous image or helped to further along a beautiful story, I just don’t see it.
Betty gives me that wonderful smile -
Topped with Custard, Toasted Nuts
The conventionally understood poverty has become obsolete because it follows the business cycle in economy due to man-made and natural causes. As such Human Security is Complete Life as the aspirations and happiness of the people opposed to conventionally understood poverty is considered. It has become of paramount importance undeniably to reach certain consensus on Human Security Is Complete Life replacing conventionally understood poverty. Terrorism in any form at any corner of the globe is one of the hardest obstacles to achieve Human Security Is Complete Life and is needed to uproot the causes of its breeding at any corner of the globe. This is of utmost necessity to open increased space with diverse dimensions for the people to invest them in accordance with their conveniences depending on time; and to this effect, different higher hierarchies of the nation-state with the nation-state as the baseline is considered. The first or the lowest higher hierarchy of the nation-state is the creation of the sub-regional nation-state as stated earlier. The World Embracing Alternate Paradigm in Development of Tarit Datta Gupta – Mary Kaldor hypothesis: Integrated Relations Among Global Governance, Global Civil Society and Human Security Is Complete Life with supreme importance unequivocally stresses on the development of uninterrupted open highest form of capitalism with the supreme flavor and spirit of egalitarian alongside with the development of highest form of democracy with the supreme integration of its three fundamentals: ‘for, of and by’ the people through placing three fundamentals of conventionally understood democracy: ‘for, of and by’ the people in demand-supply equation among the people, market and nation-state that facilitates all these three integral entities in development to stay in commune and demonstrate synonym behavior in development. The homogenous political civilization, political culture, and political ways of lives within the realm of political relations since the beginning through its growth stage is anticipated to shake, and bring changes in imperfections and at its matured stage will completely annul imperfections in economical relations in open free market society. But it is also of utmost importance to converge the changes in the markets: homogenous civilization, culture and ways of lives with those changes: high cohesion and high integration in the internal environment of the sub-regional nation-state and civil administration. The uninterrupted open highest form of capitalism with the supreme flavor and spirit of egalitarian and highest form of democracy with the supreme integration of its three fundamentals: ‘for, of and by’ the people are also given supreme consideration as the panacea of the peoples’ emancipation in the socio-structural, political and economical relations protecting Human Security Is Complete Life as the aspirations and happiness of the people opposed to conventionally understood poverty. This entire surface the revival of Global Civil Society institutionalized up to grassroots via civil society (nation-states) to fill-in the vacuum discussed earlier but needs to be facilitated by the nation-states. As the most pragmatic politician all over the world, at the post Presidential Election 2012, President Obama is fervently requested to take into account the ground reality and assume the brilliant challenge to facilitate the institutionalization of Global Civil Society via civil society (nation-states) around the globe not only to establish Human Security Is Complete Life which is the niche of the World Embracing Alternate Paradigm In Development of Tarit Datta Gupta – Mary Kaldor but also bring the two categories of the people: powerhouse and powerless into, and at the same time all the available resources at any corner of the globe into single stream through convincing the world community and following the given road map at different parts that begins from my First Blog of the World Embracing Alternate Paradigm In Development of Tarit Datta Gupta – Mary Kaldor leading to an image of New World Order (NWO) retaining democratic pluralism converse to that of the present day world with the supreme integration of its three fundamentals: ‘for, of and by’ the people.
While researching the word I came across the Christian take on this, alluding to what happens when one executes the Holy Spirit in their lives:
Best breakfast:
DEADLINE: April 20, 2012
No minimum order
Runner Up : Shit loads of beer and a kebab.
I did not take down my Snow Buddies after Christmas, just removed the Christmas ones and replaced them with Valentine Snow Buddies .......
Favourite Doctor:
Being a food blogger/freak, I’ve also wondered (a LOT) how much my tastes will continue to change. Will my palate dull over time? Will I hate candy at 40? Love anise at 55? Will Werther’s Originals ever, ever appeal to me, even when I’m old enough to call Methuselah a punk kid? (“Get off mah lawn, old man!”)
“We all wish for Peace because we are all the same.”
“But in the next game you can be Sophie.”
Friday, February 11th
As threatened, doing patch work on my synopsis in a way that doesn’t lend itself to posting the results in a blog. I’m taking a couple of days to fold in the “dead not dreaming” idea, changing what needs to change in the story as a result. I think it’s going to work. Not entirely sure yet, but I like the idea enough that I’m willing to jigger things around to see if I can make it fit.
Grind almost 1 cup of buckwheat groats in a magic bullet or high powered blender to make fresh ground buckwheat flour. Mix one cup of flour with the rest of the above ingredients. Use a rubber spatula to mix well and it will start out crumbly like a pie crust and will turn into a cookie dough. Take Tb sized balls and roll them in the palm of your hand and then press down the little quarter-sized balls on a parchment papered baking sheet. This recipe will make between 2 1/2 to 3 dozen cookies depending on how large you roll your cookies. Bake cookies in a preheated 350 degree oven for 10 minutes and then let cool for at last one hour. Then make the following mint cream topping...
5. We are now on Champ-VA medical insurance, so no more paying $600 for health insurance like we have been doing since Rodney lost his job in June. This is going to be a huge savings for us. I am not sure about the coverage yet but we will figure it out.
I colored the butterflies with Copic Markers on both the card and the spare piece. I cut and glittered the butterflies on the cardstock, then cut them out and added them to the stamped image on my card. I finished the card with sponging using Memento Lulu Lavender and Summer Sky.
There are a number of questionable aspects to the payments-chief of which is that they are indisputably meant to pressure the voters to vote for a particular candidate, with the cashing of the 1st payment in cheque conditioned upon the victory of the candidate concerned. We also discovered that there are cheating involved in many cases where some of the payments in multiple cheques bounced due to probably deliberate misspelling of the name of recipients. We had earlier disclosed a case in Rh Kuching in the same constituency where a cheque of Rm5000.00 bounced. The claim by Mr Joseph Mauh that the payments were for transport subsidy simply does not conform to the facts deduced from the above material evidence and the more credible account given by our local observers.
In 9th century England the Anglo-Saxons honoured King Winter or King Frost. Welcoming him as a personage or deity was believed to make the season less harsh on them. With the arrival of the Vikings to the British Isles during the 9th and 10th centuries Odin, their chief god, influenced the winter gift practices. Odin had twelve different characters and the December character was known as Yalka or Jule – this month was thus called Jultid (our Yuletide). The Vikings believed that Odin visited earth during this time on Sleipnir, his eight-legged horse. He would be disguised in a long blue hooded cloak and carrying a staff and a satchel of bread, accompanied by a raven or crow. He was said to join groups around their fire and listen to their conversations to see if they were content. He would sometimes leave the bread as a gift at poor homesteads.
For movie stores, head towards the Adult film section. Even if it is crowded, who are they to judge? And who knows? Maybe you will get them to leave and go look at proper movies. They may thank you in the end. You may still be labeled as a pervert initially by other onlookers, but once they see you have not picked up anything to buy or rent, they’ll forgive you and figure you’re just curious. Again, you will avoid the 'gross' label. If there is no Adult section, go with the kids cartoon section, applying the "library/bookstore kids poop their pantsalot" technique.
The personal responsibility to help yourself and others or the letting someone else do it for you?
Simple options are your names, wedding date, a quote or lyric that has meaning to you and your fiance.
"I seek the honored wisdom of The Town Elders."
My mother tells me that one day while still a toddler in the Bronx, I climbed up to an open window and sat on the window ledge of our six story apartment building, happily dangling my legs and enjoying the concrete view across the way. Whatever danger lurked was beyond me and my puerile mind.
“If”
Actress, BD 9/12/1963
“Arhgjhrghfagrrghklrarghh!” I rose and went to begin my morning ablutions. As I showered, my mind couldn’t help but dwell on how easy it would be for a death-ball of slime to sneak up on me. The sound of its churning approach would be muffled by the running water, and no one would be in time to save my beautiful face from being eaten off. It would be a messy, painful death, I reflected with distaste as I shampooed, but at least my blood would wash down the drain easily enough. Save my mother a bit of labor.
One of the main dish we had, Pork loin with stuffing. Really good!
Since I have nothing better to do to move my building project forward right now, I've decided to use method 3 and do it now, and this way, it will save time during the actual building process, because I won't have to stop and diddle every bag. I decided that if I can't start building, I can at least do something that moves things in that direction.
Hero: Oh hell yeah. You're like a little dab of butter. Or a beautiful rose.
If you can't wait and want to purchase a copy of the software make sure you use coupon code, STMMMS6975. By using this code at MyMemories.com, you can get $10 off My Memories Suite (you get it for $29.95 instead of $39.95) AND you also get a $10 gift certificate to use in their online store!
I mean, think about it. Did these women ever consider that if we stopped beating up on one another and banded together we might, oh, I don’t know, finally achieve parity in the Congress? Just sayin’.
“…I’ll take that as a no?”
I was his baby. No matter what age I was, or how long it had been since we last saw one another or spoke, I always thought he would find his way back to me. Even when I was 18 I would still get the lecture from family members that “he is never going to change.” It didn’t matter… I had enough hope for all of us.
To begin to fulfil their wish, I mounted my latest and current favourite painting on to some lovely paper and then simply framed it:
Obama struck a deal with the pharmaceutical industry at the outset of health care reform on the expectation that pragmatically, it might be politically impossible to pass health care reform if the drug lobby opposed reform.
Not for me. I just didn’t like coffee. Even in college, when I needed a pick-me-up for an all-nighter, I’d walk to a nearby convenience store and pick up a can of (shudder) instant iced tea with artificial lemon flavor. That stuff bore a closer resemblance to battery acid than anything someone would actually drink. But it was caffeinated, and the nasty taste helped keep me awake for a few more hours of cramming for an accounting test.
Once we got home, Erin ran out to play with our neighbor's children. They live next door & are awfully sweet boys who also go to the same camp as Erin. I'd have thought she'd be tired from all that pool time. Nope. She didn't even want to come in for dinner!
One of the powerful things about article marketing, especially if you are building a list, is that subscribers who come to you after reading one of your articles tend to buy more than subscribers who come to you from many other traffic sources. Generally, when someone subscribes to your list after reading one or several of your articles, they already are beginning to trust you, and might buy from you sooner than someone who needs to read several emails from you and perhaps communicate online before they will purchase. Article writing simply provides a unique opportunity for you too attract subscribers to your list who have a prequalified interest and trust in you.
He peered into the bathroom. “Can’t you get up?”
In the beginning, teachers would stand at the podium,
I couldn’t sleep very well last night because I was supposed to be moving today. I woke up around 7am and cried for about a half an hour. Around 9am I knew he was awake so I came out to talk to him, he was on the couch. I sat down beside him and said I’ll make your mailbox key today, I don’t want to do this, I love you so much (I started crying), You hurt me so bad, I can’t completely remember the conversation but basically what came out of it was….He was mad at me for getting an attitude when he pushed me out of bed Monday night…that’s what this was all over…(except he contacted Betsy on Monday before that even happened). I told him I wanted to still be friends, I just needed some space, but he told me he would have to wipe his slate clean if I left. I said I had to…
– Peter Drucker
Even if I say so myself I was quite pleased with this - what is it I hear you ask?
especially since your Captain has tight pants
Ask a question
I think the process of making low relief tiles in volume from a mold would really be a great set of skills for an upper level high school art class...Basically, you make a sandwich of 3 (ish) layers of clay : cutting into the clay exposing the lower layers to create a relief design. Then you pour a plaster mold around it and pull the sandwich o'clay out reusing the mold for as many clay tiles as you care to pop out! I didn't exactly follow the format of the layers, instead I did more carving. Amy recommended the book Handmade Tiles by Frank Georgini for detailed information on the process.
(i have no picture to represent that, by the way....)
Step 8: Apply lip colour
Let me explain that her pronouncing "Jingle Bells" as "Bangle Jells" doesn't make her dead. I have not lost her. She is a beautiful little girl that wants to sing Bangle Jells and Jesus Loves Me. She likes babies and birdies and shrimp and bacon. Not a day goes by that she doesn't tell me I'm beautiful, thank me for all that I do for her, and tell me that she loves me so much.
And they have my whimsies; but thou hast my heart.
Who will survive? Besides the ones with better agents?
Pediatrician: "OK..."
The film traces some of the major influences on Glen Campbell's accomplished musicianship from his rural Arkansas roots growing up in a musical family to recording with some of the biggest stars in music and his eventual rise to become one of them himself. See the story of his new album Meet Glen Campbell (produced by Julian Raymond) in this special screening session and his return to his long time record label Capitol Records.
2 minutes on the bike
Recently an opportunity came my way to break from my normal routine and just shoot thousands of frames with total freedom. No lighting, no complicated ratios, just open up that f-stop and hold down the shutter button! The opportunity was the chance to shoot and write an article for South Coast Magazine on the 2012 BNP Paribas Open. For me this is complete nirvana given that I’m a total tennis fanatic.
At that moment everyone was intrigued by this fact. The greatest Briton of all time… a wartime hero… Prime Minister several times… born in a ladies’ loo. And guess what? For the first time in the course, my awkward young man was interested too. In fact, he couldn’t help himself.
I kept my distance so you would be free,
HDL - 32
XL: “My parents. I know that is kind of cliche and perhaps corny to some but it’s the honest truth. It’s hard not to be influenced by people who have always been there for you regardless of whatever the situation may be and truly love and care for you unconditionally.”
"Let me go." He wasn't trying to sound belligerent, but the words came out as a harsh hiss.
Sit one of the pink cakes on a serving plate or cakestand and spread with the ginger jam. I found the best way to do this was to warm the jam slightly in a small saucepan to make it spread more easily. Put the uncoloured cake on top and spread the other half of jam on that. Top with the other pink cake.
As it should be in life.
Dull motions
We recently made the trip again after many years, this time with Sweetpea. We silently hoped she would feel the same magic as we had, but braced ourselves for the fact that she might be bored and wonder why we'd dragged her all the way there. My husband sometimes talks about how I go "feral" in the wilderness - going silent as the silence and space take over and letting my spirit become awestruck. And although our trip was brief this time, we saw the same thing happen for Sweetpea.
Hope you like what you see. Please email me with comments!
“When it comes to others rather than wishing they were somehow different, its better to give thanks that they are exactly as they are, because truly, if they werent, they wouldn’t even be in your life right now.” The Universe
English at National University.
She is 9 years in Sydney and said that it would be a very hard place to leave.
Just leave a comment below telling me the best zombie book you've read this year, or want to read! Contest ends 5/25 so be sure to comment before than!
The four beers in the twelve-pack are a Special Ale, Tripel Horse Belgian tripel, the aforementioned Hop Hazard and River Horse Lager. Each was given an interrogation by Officer Taste Bud, whose office is in my mouth. I apologize for that last sentence for several reasons.
Oldspeak:“Money As Debt” “One of the characteristics of the new social contract ushered in by both George W. Bush and Barack Obama is the increasing power of creditors to govern outright, from tax farming by banks to the use of credit checks to access employment opportunities. There are now thousands of people legally jailed because they aren’t paying their bills, ie. debtor’s prisons have returned. Occasionally elites let it slip that this is not an accident, but is their goal – former Comptroller General David Walker has wistfully pined for debtor’s prisons” -Matt Stoller. “A great industrial nation is controlled by its system of credit. Our system of credit is privately concentrated. The growth of the nation, therefore, and all our activities are in the hands of a few men who, even if their action be honest and intended for the public interest, are necessarily concentrated upon the great undertakings in which their own money is involved and who necessarily, by very reason of their own limitations, chill and check and destroy genuine economic freedom. This is the greatest question of all, and to this statesmen must address themselves with an earnest determination to serve the long future and the true liberties of men -U.S. President Woodrow Wilson
#28. Thankful for Dr. Pepper. Hardly a day goes by that I miss out on one!
In fact, that’s what I’m here to talk about today. If you’ve been following regularly, you know that I’ve had some misgivings about the viability of Monday Morning Blues & Banjo Friday as ongoing series. But until very recently I didn’t realize or admit to myself that all other considerations aside, I really need a break from the fixed posting schedule of those two series. I’ve written many posts about the blues & the banjo since Robert Frost’s Banjo began in 2008; there are 76 posts with the “banjo” label & 134 posts labelled “blues.” Especially with my own musical life being in more than a little flux, I'm not sure what more I have to say on either subject right now!
These threats must indeed be taken seriously because this has happened before: in the runup to the xenophobic killings whch started on a specific date in May 2008 across the entire country, well-organised, black youth gangs were also going through the townships to identify black Africans and to mark their houses. These Xhosa-speaking youths often identified the foreigners by asking them to pronounce specific words in isi-Xhosa – and if they couldn’t, they were told to ‘get out or we will kill you.’
Displayed in six or seven flowered dishes
The other thing I tried to do was set myself some little goals to aim for - as Sunday was Mothering Sunday in the UK, I made an effort to get up early with the boys and bring Sarah breakfast in bed and the cards/presents they had made. It gave me a great deal of satisfaction to do that one small gesture but again helped make things feel normal.
After he left, I was thinking. I have a list, too. I want the leaky roof fixed. I want the rotting floor fixed. I want the termite situation fixed. I want the dripping bathtub faucet fixed. I want the stinking septic system fixed. I want the well situation fixed. But I guess those things really aren’t important.
There will be knock-on effects throughout the education system, also. Young people will be questioning the need to go into Higher Education (I'm told that many are doing so already). The universities themselves will be adversely affected by a reduction in student numbers. Many degree courses and even departments may need to close.
Have harm befall their friend
Sitting on the wall by the post office, passing the time of day.
Kira kicked a pebble at her feet. What should she say? Good? I’m sorry? At least there’ll be more room in the cottage? But she was saved from the need to respond when Keith reached for her and buried his face in her hair.
Place: Gaston’s Conference Center, Gaston’s Resort on River Road.
The FTX-L 3G includes two customer-requested input loop-throughs, available on a Crystal Vision fibre product for the first time. These loop-throughs can be used to distribute the input video to equipment such as a picture monitor, or alternatively for system checking: if a signal path has a good input and a faulty output, the engineer can use the spare output to check each stage of the system without breaking any of the connections, and so work out which cable or piece of equipment is broken.
I retrieve Maggie, gave her some breakfast. Walker brought in a clean-as-could-get Ike, who was exhausted enough now to be put down for a nap.
When the night had veiled the pole;
The game has in fact gone down in British record books as never before in a professional game of Football in Britain have five players been sent off, although the sending offs were after the final whistle they still count.
Perhaps cities could even set aside small test-plots, urban labs in which gardens of architectural form can grow. 10 square blocks of west Los Angeles are re-zoned as if they're part of Paris; when new laws are passed in Paris, they go into force there, too.
The Sun naturally is like a burnt orange… just sounds right, no? The Moon’s light on the other hand is pale and cool, like snow. Seems right. Mars being red seems perfectly normal, since the visible planet is a red star, and since red is the color of energy and agression. Mercury being green is actually very cool because green is the exact MIDDLE of the spectrum, and diplomatic Mercury always takes the middle position (to the extent of even being transgendered). Jupiter is saffron… in many cultures, especially Eastern ones, saffron is the color of the teacher/ priest – which is Jupiter’s position. I am not sure if this is a circular argument though. Need to think more about it. The overall composition of light from the physical, three-dimensional planet Jupiter also seems pretty close to saffron… not sure if that is important, though.
From that I take it that Mr Whyte can be prevented from being the director of a football club, but also that he can be prevented from being majority owner. There would, I am sure, be some interesting legal challenges about the fact that Rangers FC Group Ltd owns 85% of Rangers, but Mr Whyte made it clear that he was in charge and that he was the owner.
April 30, 2012.
The reasons not to have/like kids are pretty easy to capture. They boil down to two logical categories:
The villain: Edward Barrett Moulton Barrett, 50’s. Every story, particularly has to have a villain (think of Billy Zane in Titanic) or a third person in the love triangle. In this film, it is Elizabeth’s father who vowed to disinherit his children if they married. I leave it up to the screenwriter to fill-in the psychological reasons for wanting to keep his children single forever. The original film suggested that Barrett liked Elizabeth a little too much. I don’t know about that but the Victorians were a strange bunch. My top choices for this role would be Alan Rickman or Jeremy Irons.
Afterthoughts - wood - hostess Level 1 Stamp set
Move past broccoli, broccoli and more broccoli or carrots, carrots and more carrots. Quick, name five vegetables cooked in the last month. Can you? Most of us eat the same couple of vegetables cooked in the same ways again and again. To eat more vegetables, first get out of the rut of your own version of same-old same-old broccoli or same-old same-old baby carrots. Start by identifying just one new vegetable to try. To start online, for an eye-opener about all the many vegetables are easily available, see the Alphabet of Vegetables. But for real inspiration, visit the produce department in the grocery store and pick one whose color or shape appeals. Vegetables are quite beautiful, aren't they?! Then come back to the Alphabet of Vegetables, or search Food Blog Search for a recipe that appeals.
In a relationship when both parties become emotionally unstable the relationship collapses and what remains is struggle and strife. It is also possible for one party to trigger the other into emotional instability while not losing the present adult state of mind but can lose the other party if not careful by using the tools mentioned.
Best UK draught :
The noodles are served with pickled green papaya and carrots. Hot mustard is perfect for dipping the duck into. To make the pickled green papaya and carrots use this recipe, replace the daikon with thinly sliced green papaya.
I didn't get a good shot looking up at the falls but here is the river about the falls
A person who has sustained a human bite wound that has broken the skin will need a tetanus shot within 48 hours if it has been over 5 years since their last booster.
This was how Gramsci thought of his own role as editor first of Avanti! and then of L'Ordine Nuovo. He also helped found the PCI paper, L'Unita. For Gramsci regarded the role of newspapers as absolutely primary in the building of the party and the class.
Remember, she translated these from memory and had no official pattern to work with. She is known for just making up crotched patterns! Though I do know if you "google" crochetedd luggage tags, you find a bunch. I think this is a great idea in general though, how easy it would be to keep family members luggage separate and how easy to find your luggage amongst the sea of other bags out there!
When City Press visited the property two weeks ago, a huge wall surrounded the property and the entrance was guarded by a big police armoured vehicle and police officers.
To me anyway,
9. Attack Of The Killer Tomatoes - Lee Lewis (cassette only)
Him: I am still open to the possibility of meeting Mrs. Right. I’m dating others in the meantime.
No Tony and I did not join some S&M club… The girls I work with and I decided to try something new for a workout. We were intrigued, confused, scared and excited as we kept hearing about this Pilates type of workout. Well we finally got our schedules in check and made our appointment at BTone Fitness. Making a 6:30 class took more planning than it looks since each class only has 11 people.
Lee is driven to push the Mustangs and his players to success. He admits that because of the large quantity of games throughout a season, baseball is a game of failure in his eyes.
Anyway, I think I'm going to start posting comics on Fridays or the weekends. Partly because it's an easy way to give you something to read while still giving myself time on the weekend to relax and also because many of you will probably be drunk and I promise that these are a lot funnier when you're drunk.
Work is super crazy right now. I'm part of a very small planning committee for a very big company event that's being held in mid-October, and we didn't start planning it until about 2 weeks ago. So...yeah. Of course it's taking up WAY more of my time that I anticipated, and that's on top of my normal work stuff. I'm just trying to keep my head above water at this point. Let me just say that, by the time our short little honeymoon gets here, I will be more than ready for some downtime.
To call her out for being
But you try to do as much as you can within those physical
3/27: Television; Screening: Deadwood (2004); Reading: Feuer, “Narrative Form in American Network Television” (CV 611-618); Third Response Paper Due
While frantically deciding, "Well... what are we going to ask people to pray??!! A rosary?? A Novena to some Saint? Which Saint?!?! There are too many!!!"...
The above is most easily accomplished with the use of an absentee ballot. Do not actually write on the official form, but we are thinning down the selections, so now all the incumbents are OFF THE LIST.
Mix in the flour and stir till you form a smooth batter.
God had dealt with sin before. The grumpy grannies and grandpas, men and women in the desert who had left slavery in Egypt – sulked and moaned. And God dealt with sin – there was judgement through snakes!
For the first time in the history of mankind we are faced with an imminent global crisis – global warming – and a decade or so to make necessary industrial changes to begin to slow down CO2 emissions. We have the scientific information, the media bombards us almost daily with record-breaking statistics and now collectively we will make a decision: business as usual or allowing human ingenuity, capital markets with some government reallocation of subsidies to steer us on safer path that our children depend upon.
But, there is an easier way to make the move from word processing to XML in a content management system (CMS). Take steps to change the way your staff works and thinks before actually making the transition and get them used to working in a structured environment by doing these things:
I’d been told that I should try my hand at a place called Northrend now, so I worked on my skills until I was able to fish and cook my catch from those areas. I don’t know a lot of recipes for the ingredients there yet, but there’s a cook, at an inn in Dalaran, who has graciously allowed me to buy recipes in exchange for a little work. The work is easy enough – it’s just a nuisance going there every day (because the area I’m working in is on one side of the continent and Dal is in the middle. I get a taxi flight but it costs more gold than I’d prefer to spend).
Tim ticked an item off his Must-Be-Done-Before-You-Die list. He ordered an authentic MacDougall Kilt set with a tailor made kilt, a Prince Charles jacket and vest with shiny silver buttons, a bodwin, a belt and a beautiful buckle. He shall look fantastic. A man well dressed is a very fine sight indeed.
Never once had the iron will of the beautiful woman failed her. Father Arbaux, accompanied by two sisters of charity, Captain Bouchardon, and Maitre Clunet, her lawyer, entered her cell, where she was still sleeping – a calm, untroubled sleep, it was remarked by the turnkeys and trusties.
Second, in Biblical times a man might address a female as “woman,” but nowhere else in the ancient Greco-Roman world or in ancient Israel do we have a known example of a son addressing his mother with this title. Jesus addressing His own mother as “woman” would be unique in all of antiquity. This suggests that Jesus has some particular purpose in calling His mother “woman” – a purpose that goes beyond the normal, congenial way He addresses other women. When applied to Mary, this title likely has some important, symbolic purpose (which will be considered below).
But Devil’s Kiss is a grim, dark story. It’s not your usual paranormal romance where the girl gets the boy and they all live happily ever after. I wanted the horror and brutality of the world Billi lives in to be authentic and sincere, she’s playing for the highest stakes imaginable.
It’s the welcome the rookie to the NFL game, at home against Luck (most likely) and the Colts on 10/14.
I spoke to Gordito on the phone a couple of days later. In that call I specifically asked him if he was with “Internal Affairs.” He stated, “Yes.” When I advised him that I was unable to find any information about the “Internal Affairs” unit, he then said that it was actually with the “Professional Standards” unit. Are you thinking now that maybe this guy does not know who he is at all? Because that’s what it sounds like to me.
This time, Google images showed lots of pictures of an Italian model called Beatrice Borromeo.
There is no way anyone can completely control what his or her offspring does. Even a vegan who has children cannot guarantee that his or her child will be vegan for his or her entire life. It is even less likely that the grandchild of a vegan will be vegan, and yet more of a remote possibility that a great grandchild of a vegan will be vegan.
The deaths included both poor immigrants who bought tickets for the third class accommodations on the boat, and some of the wealthiest people in America, who had been enjoying the finest of first class amenities.
I know I've got more to tell y'all, but I'm beat and still feeling queasy, so I'm gonna sign off and go top off my ginger ale.
When you visit another country, you have to embrace the fact that things are going to be different, and in some cases very different that what you are used to.
One of the things we all try to do when writing fiction is to make our characters well rounded.. we don't want our Main Character, (MC), to drag around some cardboard cutouts that he talks to on occasion.. we want people who stand up on their own, not only do they walk and talk, but they yell, argue, spit, drink, swear, and fight on occasion I'm sure.
Trijntje Oosterhuis: Backing Vocals
We continue driving and finally after passing through the town of Bushmills we arrive at the Giant’s Causeway. We park the car and walk to the entrance to the park and we are presented with the site of the Causeway diving into the sea.
We got out a copy of Rand McNally
Well, it’s not released yet so I haven’t heard it have I?
Thank you again Jamie!! I loved it all!!!
Sometimes you have to ignore conventional wisdom.
Included in the show is designer and sustainability advocate Yves Béhar’s One Laptop per Child project, a.k.a. a $100 laptop, alongside images showing the remarkable change the initiative has brought to education systems and underprivileged schoolchildren in countries like Rwanda and Peru.
Let’s not forget the Alberta Progressive Conservatives are supposed to be … well conservative. In theory, they are a “right wing party.” Much of their base was certainly conservative leaning. But in recent years, many conservatives, disillusioned with the PC party’s drift to the left, defected to Wildrose.
You Asked: I need to walk my husband to the plane door.
5. I hate cooking. Loathe it. I tend to eat things in a whole state (cottage cheese out of the container, steamed veggies, plain fruit), but grudgingly cook spaghetti, stir-fry, lasagna, soup, and simple things like steak and burgers. My wonderful husband is my sous-chef and chops all the veggies for me.
Chocolate brown is timeless.
Place the broccoli florets on a sheet pan large enough to hold them in a single layer. Toss the garlic on the broccoli and drizzle with 5 tablespoons olive oil. Sprinkle with the salt and pepper. Roast for 20 to 25 minutes, until crisp-tender and the tips of some of the florets are browned. Remove broccoli from the oven and immediately toss with 1 1/2 tablespoons olive oil, the lemon zest, lemon juice, pine nuts, Parmesan, and basil. Serve hot and enjoy!
Oops! I totally forgot I did have one other Easter project that I did on Saturday to share with you! In addition to the Waffles, I decided to make deviled eggs. But I did not want to make just any deviled eggs, I wanted to make them festive! Here is a little tutorial for ya!
For some of you, this song will seem absolutely prehistoric -- for others, it will be a vivid childhood memory.
A COMMENTARY, CRITICAL AND EXPLANATORY, ON THE OLD AND NEW TESTAMENTS
Total Fat 12.2 g
1) part of their particular personality, which counters what I just said. ;-) But for some few children, it's just how they were born and not something the parents did (other than supply the genes ;-) It's not transferable through authoritarian parenting! (Some of us whole people are easy going and may even like others to make decisions. But that's not the same as liking someone else to assume control.)
Yield: 4 serving
Put all the ingredients into a spray bottle, shake it up a bit, and use as you would a commercial brand. The soap in this recipe is important. It cuts the wax residue from the commercial brands you might have used in the past.
This is a recording I've had (and treasured) since my high school days. Just a freaky old dude with a tape recorder, reading his own stuff, spliced with weird music and sound effects. You'd have to be a real soulless dickwad to be unable to get into this one.
Let’s not make this mistake again following 2010. Instead, let’s use the lessons of psychology to fight smarter instead.
The Arabs saw a function in that decided to create a religion of their own.
Too soon for some, anyway – timing is truly everything.
So you are a bit more disciplined in that respect compared to the rest of the band?
I get to leave at like...5:30 in the morning. BAH. BAH.
Next weekend, the clocks will go back in the UK which means that the days will seem even shorter, light will be at a premium and I’m sure we’ll all be eager to make warming winter food!
Creating Full Length Movies With Your Flip Video Camcorder
A whole lot of people are gearing up for a fight. Getting ready to do battle and coming out swinging. I am standing. I have done all I can do. I have done all that is reasonable and will continue to do so and probably some fairly unreasonable. I am going to stand. I am just going to be. Here. Right now. Next week. Next month. Next year. Ten years from now. When I am old and gray. I am going to stand. Here. Right now.
here is the designer tape i decided to use for this card
I had passed the test. What wasn’t told was that through the technique of Silva Mind Control I had opened myself to real spirit guides. (For a more in-depth view of this, you can go to Sharon Beekman’s book, Enticed by the Light). She vividly portrays what happens when a person opens himself up to these entities. Please remember also that we are told in the Guidebook to the Supernatural to avoid any contact with these malevolent impostors!
My person is intoxicated with content.
Put the dough in a large bowl or plastic container and cover it with plastic wrap, pressing the wrap directly onto the surface of the dough. Let the dough proof (that is, grow and develop flavor) in the refrigerator for at least 6 hours or up to overnight.
Nevertheless, and just as mentioned in the Appeals Court’s Decision, one must pay attention to an eventual conflict of rights.
In a word: Aieee! Excited and terrified at once.
the two cents that you just threw
We both had white.The duck scratchings and cheesey prawn crackers more than made up for it.
Bar Cookies: Press dough onto bottom of ungreased 13 x 9-inch baking pan. Bake 30 to 35 minutes or until light golden brown. Cool completely in pan on wire rack. Cut into bars. Store tightly covered. 24 BARS.
There is very little opposition that Zimmerman didn’t shoot Trayvon in self-defense, even former governor Jeb Bush has publicly admitted that self-defense is invalid in this case and that he should have been charged by now. We pray, hope, and fight that another case will not be lost to an unjust system.
I made a post the other day about quantity versus quality. I would really like to know what other folks think..... I'm pretty sure it might be a concern for more than just me.
July 8th 2010 Paperback, £8.99
I am so grateful for the amazing opportunity I had to visit with Maria and her friends/neighbors at this workshop. As well as carpooling with my (newest) friend, Paula. I wish I had a good picture of her. She and I discovered we have a lot in common, and those things we don't have in common, we are okay with! She is a beautiful person, inside and out, and I hope she and I can get together again!!! If you would like more information, and if there is enough interest, maybe I can convince one of our amazing Ward Home Storage specialists to do a class on this.... and maybe even invite Maria to come and help us!!
On that morning, as I got dressed for my morning classes, I remembered I had History first period – and I groaned. My teacher was a racist American nationalist and an egotistical little prick who loved making us feel like ‘ignorant Arabs’. I knew that with this new event, he’d seize the opportunity to hop up on his red, white, and blue horse and wave his glorious flag in our faces. A part of me considered sparing myself the headache and simply skipping his class, but the pan-Arab in me insisted that I go to class and face the music.
- Fill the muffin cups with 3/4 of the mixture.
I've never been a writer, just someone that empties her brain out by way of blogging. It's getting crowded with clutter, I better purge more often.
Memories Dye Ink This needs to REALLY be dry. stamp a few days in advance, heat set it a long time, whatever it takes, but some people love it.
Both coaches laid blame on the referees.
04 Fascination Street
Mr Schulz phoned police and pleaded for assistance.
dreams … do come true
Jenni Avins owns a red fox vest. It is simple, warm and, to many, hideously ugly for what it represents.
The anime fan world is in an uproar over the recent news that the Bleach anime may be ending on March 27, 2012. Being one month from today, that means there is only a handful of episodes left to air.
Tall-guy is there with Dink. A younger hiker with the Husky – mentioned in the last post – is there. A young couple has pitched a tent on the other side of the bear cables. Eventually, heavy-pack guy shows up and drops his pack. It will be a lively evening of conversational entertainment.
The food industry is an oligopoly that has transformed not only what we eat but how we eat it, and what we think of food.
I wasn’t supposed to attend the Tatt Awards Friday night. I had a terrible headache. In fact, my doctor slash lawyer Raulito Lambino advised me to seek medical treatment abroad. I refused.
When Korczak Ziolkowski and Lakota Chief Henry Standing Bear officially started Crazy Horse Memorial in 1948 they had hardly anything in the way of money or even projected funding. Since then, for the past 60 years, Ziolkowski and others banded together and would not give up - they simply made it happen. In a lot of ways, I think the Crazy Horse Memorial has allowed people to be at their best, which is certainly a welcomed contrast to darker days of mistreatment and duplicity.
-You Tube
Conner Ford finished second in class, with Capaldi third and Start came home in fourth.
A young man who worked there stopped by while I was loading the basket and congratulated me on what a great deal I'd found; he didn't understand why they hadn't held it and put it in the Saturday auction -- it had come in, he said, just a little bit before we had arrived.
We knew we were going to be in Santo Domingo the whole time, but if you want to go to another part of the country the same company has busses that go all over the place, you just need to check the routes and destinations on the website.
I've had a lot of positive responses. All kinds of people have gotten in touch and told me they've heard my songs on the radio, and that's great. I don't have a huge label backing me up so the album hasn't really been marketed to full extent. I therefore haven't been preparing for something huge to happen. Of course, you hope people will write good reviews, but I wasn't necessarily expecting that so I was prepared to be disappointed. Then the review started pouring in and it's gotten 4 stars in most of them. All the criticism in both radio and newspapers has been very positive. I'm also grateful for the good responses I've had in Iceland, because, although it's a small market, it happens to be my 'home market' so to speak. It was therefore a great honor for me to receive the Best Album of the Year award there.
Another round of anime/manga news:
So until next year - and there may a little wait until there are new posts (but there are many awesome posts in the past) - take care of yourselves and each other. I miss you rather too much but I will be back soon with many words and hope.
My son piped up to tattle on me to my mother. "She already has left me."
Other things could be left alone. There’s a lot to love: A romance between a boy and girl that’s forbidden by no fault of their own, but by their fathers, due to bad blood? Check. Love triangle that doesn’t get in the way? Check. Train wreck? Check. Weird happenings in a small, quiet town? Check. Classmates making a movie? Check (it worked in Haruhi Suzumiya). Aliens? Check. The town policeman bumping up against the industrial military complex? Check A shonen having to work up the courage to not just defy his and her dads, but to save said girl from said angsty alien? Check and check!
“The question to my mind is whether in China this turns into a political football in a very political season.
First week's matchup: The G'lers:
While it is the word that most quickly comes to mind when I think of many (not all, certainly) past Caine Prize nominees, I am also suspicious of it, because it seems to hide an utterly subjective evaluation behind a somewhat objective-sounding statement and also to close down a discussion of what, exactly, caused the evaluator to have such a feeling: what in the text failed to evoke a response in a reader due to that reader's expectations of texts, knowledge of contexts, and experience of life and reading.
Only this time, wearing a gorgeous black Gucci cloak.
Not this year. This year it has been hard; a period of pain and tears and physiotherapy. (The tears have not all belonged to Eldest.)
(more details will be forthcoming). We recommend starting with a new ablum as 2011 will be a new story to tell.
2.) In a small skillet, add pesto sauce, roasted red pepper, and roma tomato. Cook on medium heat and allow to simmer. Stirring occasionally.
Here's the story so far, as it has been presented in the online and print media and television today.
Another resident, Herman Ntuli, said: "Police found us next to the car wash and without saying any word started beating us. It was chaos. This TRT is treating every member of the community as a criminal and they have harmed even the innocent."
Its very Skulldred, very simple and requires no more counters than the Dreadskull counters you already had in play!
You may have heard that DB2 10 will use 1 MB page frames (if available) for page-fixed buffer pools. That's true, and this feature of DB2 10 further boosts the CPU savings effect of fixing buffers in memory by improving the efficiency of virtual-to-real storage address translation (versus a 4 KB page frame usage scenario). Keep this in mind, though: DB2 9 can't use 1 MB page frames for buffer pools, whether page-fixed or not. What this means is that you don't want to configure an overly large portion of your z/OS system's real storage resource to be managed using 1 MB page frames (that's done via the LFAREA parameter of the IEASYSxx member of PARMLIB) until you've migrated to DB2 10 and are likely past the point of needing to fall back to DB2 9. If you want to be conservative, migrate to DB2 10 and THEN configure your z/OS system for 1 MB page frames.
Its origins date back to George Washington who referred to God repeatedly throughout his public and private life. Just before the Battle of Long Island on August 27, 1776, he told his assembled forces, “The fate of unborn millions will now depend, under God, on the courage and conduct of this army.”
Today I will share some cute projects and recipes in time for St. Patrick's Day!
the clouds hold their palms towards me, shielding the hills from view.
Bristol’s bid was submitted on Friday and now there is an online campaign growing to gather support. The city is up against competition across the world, including Hong Kong and Surakarta. Rival bids closer to home are London and Naples, Italy. Bristol recently welcomed Wikipedia founder Jimmy Wales, and also hosts the annual Festival of Ideas which attracts known writers and thinkers. Bristol’s bid promises that if successful, it will:
“You mean ‘years’?”
to be a part of this incredible new venture.
Finally, this poster for Team Linda reminds us why the were all there. Cancer, you suck.
We're growing weeds. And bamboo - invasive, huge, waving, threatening bamboo, rampaging wildly in a head-height border at the side of the ramp. It looms over us as we enter, rustling its leaves ominously.
Sony Begins Entertainment Push After Ericsson Buyout
It's been almost a month since I've been back at site after having dengue, so I thought I'd do a little update about adjusting to life back at site.
Before da Pack and Aaron Rodgers
and we played arcade fighthing game together ~~~
Up sleeves:
I am a student of prophesy. I have also become a student of human nature as a result of my interest in what God is doing. Sadly, over the last few years I have witnessed what appears to be a sharp decline in human judgment in general and in fearful judgment in particular. We have become a society of Pharisees who are more concerned with the letter of the law than the intent of the law. We judge each other vehemently. We have trials and convict someone in our own minds solely based on partial information or false information.
Tomorrow, my guest is Bailey Cates, who's going to teach us all about Beltane.
The cognoscenti amongst you will immediately recognise this as a blatant copy of Jaco Pastorius’ own home-modified Franken-bass. The lovely thing about this bass is that it was just over two hundred quid – a steal for a handsome and playable work-horse of an instrument like this. Perfect for a home, project studio. Perfect for imposter guitar players pretending to be bass players, like me.
Therefore, they are equally true, though being received and interpreted through human instruments equally imperfect.”
On the other hand, I don’t want to leave you all with the impression that I’m not just as capable as the next guy of closing my eyes and pretending it’ll all “just go away” if I ignore it. So, to that end, I’ll conclude with a little more of the “distracting noise” this real-world “Army of Darkness” is counting on to mask what they’re up to:
-Matt 27:63-64
The states with the highest welfare usage were 1) California (no surprise), 2) Missouri (surprise) 3) Washington State (page 94).
My academic history augured well for me, career-wise: in the end, I ended up nowhere special and that, in part, seems to have been about total bemusement with the language of the gender I’d been assigned to. Always on the outside, paddling desperately to look as though I’d fitted.
3. We need to decide on the Start/End locations.
Number two…What value will you get out of this session…and how will you be able to use it immediately…in your environment…
Now that the mess has passed and forced on us, Ben is bailing. How much was that vote worth? Is there any reason to believe power-hungry political animals? Limited government? Where? I am continuing my call for removal of agencies, first being the HHS, followed by Depts of energy, housing, education, and any others that they can throw in for good measure. These are the engines of personal and national destruction, and in this case – death. As for the voters who keep putting these vultures back in seats – STOP IT. Turnover is good.
And whence they came and whither they shall go
13. Tri Kappa has a used book collection every fall, so you can donate all those unsold books to them also. (click)
Paper: Lime Twist Happy Go Lucky (My Mind's Eye), Pink (Prism), Classic Crest Classic Natural White (Neenah), Pink vellum (CTMH)
Having oily skin I have tried a few different foundation powders so have detailed some here for you from a varying price scale.
People are upset, very upset. And me? I’m cross. Okay, so in the scheme of things, it’s hardly earth-shattering. A little rural gym used by 80 people? As someone said on Twitter, you don’t really need a gym to get and keep fit – you can do it all by yourself, using minimal equipment or even just your own body weight. And that is absolutely true. But this little gym is far more than ten cardiovascular machines, eight weight machines, two mats, two fitballs, a TRX and a set of free weights. It’s a little community.
Finished before Monday ends? How about before breakfast!
Feel free to click the FOLLOW button on the bottom right of this page, input your email address and receive your Philly Pressbox posts directly in your email.
In Mexico City.
“Welcome to UniBook, where every book is unique. You may have previously known us as WWAOW but due to innovation and expansion we have been given a new name. UniBook is the place for writers, publishers and businesses to publish and sell books. With the UniBook services anyone can self publish a manuscript and have it listed in our online bookstore. UniBook will print, bind, and pack your book on-demand and ship it anywhere in the world. No need to carry stock and no set-up fees or fixed costs. Discover the world of self publishing and create your own unique book with UniBook.”
Chocolate Stout is tasting nice! Raspberries are a bit zingy right now, but that will smooth out in a week or two. This should be nicely charged on beergas for the Bluebonnet too.
Some of the best recipes are a product of total accidents. This recipe is one of those. I started out the day throwing a bunch of ingredients in the crock pot so we'd have something to eat for dinner. That evening when I got home from work, I was trying to decide if I should make chicken soup or chicken pot pie. I decided on soup, and added the noodles, and then without thinking about it, went right over to the stove and started making the roux for pot pie!
So, here ya go friends...some pics of my experience. I feel I need to apologize for my strange looking toenails and the one naked one. If you've ever trained for a long run, you'll understand toenail issues happen and they're not pretty. Just be thankful this tattoo isn't on my other foot...trust me, there is one funky, scary, sad toenail there that I would never show to those I love. :) Is that TMI? Oh well...too late.
As Heaven's sweet life renews earth's life
4 grille
I join in the result reached by my distinguished brother in the Court, Davide, Jr., J., in this case which, to my mind, is one of the most important cases decided by this Court in the last few years. The seminal principles laid down in this decision are likely to influence profoundly the direction and course of the protection and management of the environment, which of course embraces the utilization of all the natural resources in the territorial base of our polity. I have therefore sought to clarify, basically to myself, what the Court appears to be saying.
I often wonder if destiny will be mine.
Not long after the announcement came out that the USPTO granted a record number of patents in 2010, China's SIPO officially announced today that the number of patents granted in China in 2010 was 40 percent higher than in 2009, receiving over 1.2 million patent applications and approving 814,825 requests among them last year. The application number was over 25 percent more than that in 2009.
Of course, we did other stuff besides eat. We went to Happy Hour with one of my high school friends. Had dessert with Courtney’s college roommate and her now fiancé and grabbed pizza with my college Graduate Hall Director. We went and saw “Newsies” on Broadway which was perfect. It is one of my favorite movies and the playwrights did it right. We burned up SoHo and Fifth Avenue and tried to boost the economy. We conquered the subways. We visited the 9/11 Memorial and went to the top of the Empire State Building (totally touristy, but we hadn’t done it before). We walked along the High Line in Chelsea and explored as many neighborhoods as we could. It was a perfect trip. Although it didn’t stop me from turning 30, it was the best way I can think of to celebrate a birthday.
Good luck with your life Sgt Stein, I appreciate you standing by you guns and I'm sorry I didn't pull you aside and tell you, "dude, if you post that, the brass is going to hammer you". Which I have been known to do to my blogger buddies when I see someone stepping over that line. But I can't follow everything that goes on with the military in cyber space, I do have a life.
I told the group that after the C1 class I had essentially gotten more of what I already had, especially increased empathic ability. I said that had found myself working more as a psychic and medical intuitive than a channeler, meaning that I was receiving useful information and relaying it to patients, but I wasn’t getting that information from entities other than myself. I had been in touch with various beings, but I generally couldn’t get verbal messages, and I often couldn’t tell one being from another. I was hoping to develop more as a medium, I said, with clearer and more definite communication.
Here’s a cool workout finisher for you to try. Do the following exercises for prescribed repetitions with no rest:
several other random ones around our
Second, there is no place to good for annoying people to be found.
Way to stay true to Clyde’s values, Kenny.
human being, and again, I have really appreciated the conversation with him. I appreciate it even more reflecting upon the actual content of that conversation; a conversation that dealt with some of the most important and consequential theological issues that any two men could discuss together. Furthermore, I am very thankful that President Carter was willing to enter in to the public nature of this conversation, and even as he will judge my words, well, inevitably in conversation, we judge each other. And as I evaluate President Carter’s testimony about the scripture, I have to say that it tells a story that desperately needs to be told. A story that is altogether very common in then twentieth century of a young boy who was raised with in the piety and in the warm hearted, evangelical fervor of a Southern Baptist church in the south, but who did not come to a deep understanding of the scripture’s authority in terms of its diving inspiration, its verbal inspiration, and its inerrancy. A young man who was caught up in the twentieth century social transformations and who clearly understood that social change was not only needed, it was a mandate. And one of the issues that happened during the twentieth century is that so many Christians, young Christians who saw deep social ills and signed on to a progressive understanding of politics and social change, also began to attach a progressivist understanding to theology and indeed to the scriptures. And what we see is that in the case of so many Southern Baptists and mainly Protestants of the twentieth century, is that they did basically adopt something like a new orthodox understanding of scripture. And that is where we see the problem in this conversation. And that is where we also see the opportunity that the conversation affords. President Carter was very candid and honest about his understanding of the scripture, and I need to be equally so. I believe that the scripture is the inerrant and infallible Word of God. I believe that God inspired men, yes, and the writers of scripture as scripture says of itself, to write in such a way that they were preserved and protected from all error such that when scripture speaks, God speaks. That puts a constraint upon us that does not allow the kind of selectivity that we could just claim as an interpretive principle. Mr. Carter is a very skilled and very serious interpreter of scripture. He goes to commentaries and he reads, and as he teaches his Sunday school class, he wants to speak of what the text says. But what the text means, can’t be separated from what the text actually states and the divine authority with which the texts speaks. Jimmy Carter is the world’s most famous Sunday school teacher, and in his most recent book and in so many others, he deals with the scripture. And by and large as evangelical Christians, committed to the inerrancy of Scripture would read those comments, they would find tremendous areas of commonality. President Carter mentioned early on in the conversation that even where there are issues in which we indiededly differ, there are vast areas in which we are in agreement. That’s also true, but the issue for us, the difficult issue, is where there is disagreement. Not where there is agreement. And that’s what makes a conversation like this truly important. We are called to be thinking in public. In order to discuss these things in such a way that we speak with great respect and we speak with appreciation for each other, for the appreciation of the opportunity for a conversation about what really matters. What matters not only to us, but to the church of the Lord Jesus Christ. That trajectory that is represented by Jimmy Carter, that trajectory that piotous religion in the south in the twentieth century meets head on with the great theological transformations that came to the end of that century, especially in that second quarter and continue now into the twenty-first century. The issues of Biblical authority and the verbal inspiration of scripture. The issues of human sexuality and the exclusivity of the gospel, of the authority of scripture and the veracity of all that it contains the miracles and everything else. All of these are still live issues, just like the great social and political issues of the twentieth century are still with us, so also are the theological issues, and that is why this conversation is important not only to look to the past, nor even just to think about the present, but to aim to the future. It’s a great challenge and opportunity to speak to a former president of the United States, an 87 year old man who continues to be active in public life and to speak and to write of the things that are most important to
I recall that several of my friends said this track was "rubbish" I didn't agree with them then, and I don't now. I just love this. According to the band this was really jammed, it evolved there and then, on the stage of the Fillmore.
I think all the wobbling and twisting into all kinds of different positions I do in this class will set me up as favourite to win the compulsory game of Twister at Christmas!
The more I see of Cameron, the more I realise that he really is like his idol Tony the Greedy Bliar, but not quite as good at misrepresentation. How fortunate that his opponent Miliband is as poor at opposition as he was himself.
Fact; I have my OWN style. c:
(1) properly construe the claim
#2 De Proef La Grande Blanche (Imperial Wit)
If you would like to purchase this book and have it delivered straight to your home, click on the My Amazon link on the sidebar. As always, Happy Reading.
REMOVE from oven, let sit in molds for 2-3 minutes then remove madeleines and place on cooling rack.
Six years ago, as a work of art, Morag Myerscough and Charlotte Rawlins created a pink neon sign with the question HAS ANYBODY SEEN MIKE HUNT? The British Library included this neon sign in an exhibition, but positioned it in an out-of-the-way spot at the top of the building for fear of offending passers-by. Today, six years later, the British Library feels no need to do that. What is considered offensive has changed and the word “cunt” is uttered on BBC Radio 4 at breakfast time without sackings or resignations following. It is said times have changed.
For the storm that had just passed through
Have you ever visited ProTeacher.net? They have a Peony Meeting Room that addresses Daily 5 questions, comments, and inspiration from other teachers. ProTeachers.net is free to sign up and offers tons of other message boards on all things teaching.
This recipe is being featured!
Noriyuki Sugie (Breadbar LA) Canapé
Sagina subulata, probably
I think that by now, you may have picked up from reading my blog that I have an issue with clutter... and I have an issue with hanging things on our walls... Not because I don't want to, but I am always too worried that what I choose will look 'wrong'...also, our living room is our only living space and it is TINY...so I always worry that if I hang things on the walls it will make the room feel even smaller...
“I didn’t say that.”
So, within 15 miles of my house, I'd estimate there are at least 50 hardcover copies of Roger's book on the shelves. Penguin must have done a bang-up job of selling it, as neither Borders nor B&N are normally welcoming to unknown authors.
This salad was born out on a discussion (aka argument) I had with one of my sisters about the correct dressing for a potato salad (yes, we should both probably get out more....) She likes tangy vinaigrette; I like something a bit creamier. This is a mix of both. The warm potato is dressed with vinegar and a splash of oil, then cooled and mixed with a sour cream dressing, less rich than a full mayo version. The salmon gives a smokey depth of flavour, and is a great way to make hot smoked salmon, which can be expensive, go a long way without feeling in any way mean.........
i hate you
One walk also took us to the ‘Fairy Steps’ where legend says that if you can get up or down the steps without touching the sides, the fairies will grant your wish. As the steps are so narrow at the top, I doubt the fairies have to grant very many wishes!
We are always fascinated and fooled by numbers. Just one example about real income raise of the past 5 years at 2.2%, while HK reduces by 0.2, the rest of the listed countries raise slower in the chart. Hey, brother, does any one knows general income of HK people other than the top civil service, is generally higher than the job of the same types by at least 20%. This means we have a lot of catch up to do! LikeChina, a manager performing less than aSingaporemanager is capable of, is having much higher pay in the multinational than we do. On the other hand their factory worker had wages increases of average of 20% since the year 2000.
If you’re a member of the MyBreweryTap 52 Week Beer Club, then I’m willing to bet that you’re a lover of good beer. And, as a lover of good beer, I’m also willing to bet that you’re interested in expanding your appreciation for beer, for learning more about it and for becoming better at appraising beer flavour. At the heart of all that is a simple question: “do I like it or not?”, but beyond that is an appreciation for brewing technique, for beer style and history, for a whole new vocabulary of flavour descriptors and for beer ingredients and the roles they play in what you taste in your glass.
That all the world will be in love with night,
Cassandra, with Cassandra forming the template for sensible, cautious Elinor and herself as passionate,
AF, pointing at herself in the picture: Who's that?
The testimony has proven both painful and poignant, especially that of a 48-year-old man who said he had been in love with his parish priest during a five-year sexual relationship that began in ninth grade – and jealous when the priest allegedly bedded down at his farmhouse with other teens.
That’s also partly why I included San Jose State, Temple, FIU, and UMass.
It’s the first official day of summer and we know that many of you have planned or will be planning trips during this peak travel season. We have compiled some tips for you to use on your next trip. From saving money, TSA tips and more, we’ve got you covered for summer travel.
Living Headstones
From the perspective of all supporters of the Declaration of Independence, the Constitution and Bill of Rights of these United States, and true supporters of states’ rights and limited republican government, we are all operating deep behind “enemy lines.” These United States of America are under attack by a statist philosophy of centralized government intent upon destroying our sacred birthright of freedom, and replacing it with a dark globalized Marxist regime that recognizes neither freedom nor our God-given rights.
Anyways, I want you all to check out this video I posted below. I recently shared that I saw the movie “Think Like A Man.” I only talked about the fashion aspect, but I did have my opinion of the movie! My pastor made a video for women titled: “Think Like a CHRISTIAN Man!” I think you’ll enjoy it! Check it out!
So, I think the government has legitimate functions. But I also think our greatest threat today comes from government's involvement in things that are not government's proper province. And in those things government has a magnificent record of failure.
-Cruz
Try filling the sink up only halfway. Or, if you have a dual sink and wash in the big side, switch to the small. If you already wash in the small sink (go you!) then try using a smaller container to hold the water and sit it in the sink.
2 Tbsp. Dutch-processed cocoa powder
Day 10: Today I am thankful for my first born: My beautiful daughter Aspen Allayne Milam. God brought her into our lives in October of 2005 with the news that we were pregnant...and she was born June 10, 2006. She brightens my life and truly changed the way that I think about so many things. I love her so much!
Article 152
The group initially came under scrutiny by authorities in October 2011 when the FBI learned that some self-described anarchists planned to attend a protest in Cleveland.
witnessed in workplaces across the country: far too many women appeared to be
A woman told reporters that when midnight arrived Cinderella left the ball in great haste and the prince chased after her as if he couldn’t stop himself. But when he arrived outside she was gone, almost by magic, with only a gold slipper left as a clue to her identity.
I have been busy making invitations for a Birthday Lunch for my Dad who will be 80 in November.
But what if the Appellants argued (and the specification supported) that the process could also be performed on a computer?
And, if the weekend hasn’t been too nice to you and you didn’t catch that fish, it is an opportunity to throw the line in again. Let’s face it; the people around you are in the same situation aren’t they?
Ok, well, let me try to at least fulfill some of the award requirements..lol
”You do realise, you can´t own it, the Stonehenge, I mean,” said the Dealer.
Digitopia, John Akomfrah, UK. Experimental, 33 min.
Once you have your paper cut out in the size you want, I generally use my Xacto knife to score my folds (very gently, I really don't even push, just drag the blade gently across the paper). I score the "pretty side" of my paper, not the back. A ruler helps to keep your lines straight, if you don't trust yourself scoring the paper, you can also line up your ruler and fold against it to keep your folds crisp.
Progress…
Adobe flash player:
I followed my parent’s home, even though they weren’t aware of my presense. My mom wept all the way while my dad remained silent. He begged my mom to calm down but it all fell on deaf ears. We got home to find the house filled with friends and relatives, my Dad carried my body and laid it on the mat in the living room. Prayers for forgiveness were said, and my parents were advised to stop crying as it wouldn’t bring me back. I watched my Mom cry and weep all night as she asked God why He Had to take my life.
In addition to the above payments, the licensee may have to pay separately for specific technical services the licensor may provide in connection with the licence. These may be considered under three main headings (a) training programmes for licensees personnel, (b) specific technical services performed in the licensor`s works and facilities, such as special drawings, and (c) technical experts supplied by the licensor to the licensee’s plant.
2 smallish aubergines (about 400g/1lb.)
Given NuLabour's visceral hatred and contempt for the white working class, who's interests so often conflicts with those now much preferred groups, many observers would have assumed that Denham was either making a bad joke and had forgotten the punchline, or was suffering from some catastrophic mental breakdown, had they, that is, not realised that an election is imminent.
“Dwight Holton has called our voter-approved law a ‘train wreck’ and is campaigning on his plan to gut it. Holton is openly disrespectful of Oregon voters, and hostile to medical-marijuana patients and providers. He would be a disaster as attorney general.
...Happy Birthday Pooplette! (She's four now, and we have no idea how she made it so far without us killing her.)
Billy slowly drove into Casey’s driveway, and although she had been through a night of fear and terror, she felt nothing other than happiness and joy when she saw her house. It looked like heaven to Casey because she wasn’t even sure if she would live to see daylight. Casey slung open the truck door and jumped out of Billy’s truck in lightening speed. As she ran up to the driver’s side and softly said “I know exactly what happened last night, Billy. You guys drugged me and raped me. And I will never forget it. You’re going to get away with it because I am too ashamed to tell anyone what you guys did to me. You can bet your ass that God will avenge my honor. You may not go to jail, but you will suffer for what you did to me.” Billy looked at her, and he was completely stunned that she remembered what had happened. This is probably due to, the fact that they gave her what they thought was a drug that would make her forget. Evidently, the effects weren’t as potent as Billy had hoped.
As someone with Type 1 diabetes (the "real" diabetes, as I like to put it -- the kind you can't help getting), I sometimes wonder when I'll end up retiring, or how long I can escape death. So I wonder how much I should be saving for retirement. Will I get the typical 25-30 year long retirement? Or would I have to retire at 40 to pull that one off? If I work until I'm 65, I could have lots put away, only to die within 2 years if I'm lucky, on the other hand.
No matter, my love,
a pill for her heart. another pill for her cough.
If there was an award for courage in the cricketing world, it should very well be named after Bob Willis. When he was 26, he had operations on both his knees, which meant he was in constant pain whenever he played. In fact, on certain days, he needed to run five miles in order to generate the strength to play. It was only through his will that Willis managed to play and succeed at the top level for nine more years. At 6 feet 6 inches, Willis was an intimidating fast bowler, one of the fastest England have ever produced. His pace, bounce, aggression and swing made him deadly on all kinds of pitches across the world.
The fruitful hills above, the pleasant vales below,
Deep in to the first thirty minutes or so of the chick flick and I found myself thinking about story. Just the word and what it means. It was during the scenes in which the graduated “It” girls arrived in Abu Dhabi that my mind began to wander. You see this is where I noticed the story that had pulled me in during the first half hour shifted its focus from story telling to showiness. Somewhere, someone must have stated that the second installment of the movie must be bigger or needed more, I’ll use Ms. Bradshaw’s word, “sparkle” than its predecessor. Yeah I get it, in a vast sea of sequels they had to dream up some way for theirs to standout, but along the way they forgot about story. And how a well written, relatable tale can pull in and take hold of an audience every time.
Today, we went even wilder! We went to the arcade!! I LOVE the arcade! I’m like a kid when I go to the arcade. I need to play everything, and all of it is so much fun! (Future boyfriends take note, taking me to the arcade can get you laid) People gave us weird looks as we ran around the whole place screaming every time we won or lost. I don’t get it. There is absolutely nothing weird about a dozen twenty-something (completely sober) girls at an arcade.
The schisms which I believe cannot be placed within this category of schisms, let’s call it the Schism of Who is Right, are those of the Ashkenazim and Sfaradim, and that of the Talmuds Yerushalmi and Bavli, simply because we have two sides, in both cases, agreeing on the basic sources.
We like it mostly for our oatmeal or cereal.
There are FOURTEEN (14) short videos in the playlist.
6. List two advantages and two disadvantages of each: notebook vs. recorder. Bonus: Name another tool, not counting one you use with the notebook, you might use to take notes during an interview.
God is sheer mercy and grace;
Mom's and my favorite ingredient. Mom said people could eat
The other type of white women who favour black men, tend to be more glamorous, albeit glamorous in a somewhat over the top manner. One of my correspondents, who wrote to me a while ago, told me that, when she was young, there was an expression used to describe women who dressed in rather trashy and overstated / over painted manner, who were said to be “looking for a black man”. It is an interesting expression, and I don't think I can be accused of unfairness by suggesting that many of the white women who are more affectionately inclined towards man of races other than their own, do tend to favour an appearance which enable them to aspire to an image which would sit more comfortably within the lyrics of a gangsta rap number.
When looking for a mobility device (walker, wheelchair, power chair or scooter) here are some things to consider:
Medium - Promarkers and Flexmarkers
Step two: go where the rich men are. Rich people prefer the city, so find a job there. Step three: work at a luxury hotel, right out in the lobby, where a cutie like Pink will be easy to spot. Step four: operate the switchboard. Then everyone’s business has to go through you.
- Anonymous.
After 2 hours the results are 1 gun shot, 2 tasers and 1 noose, 1 goat is struggling to survive, all the others are dead. All four dogs are gone, some forever. That seems fair.
If you are a 21st century digital leader who is committed to innovative, sustainable, and flexible education, come to Canmore, Alberta for the CNIE-RCIÉ’s Green Aware conference to be held on 14 – 16 May 2012. Whether you are a teacher, a researcher, a media specialist, an instructional designer, or an administrator, a May visit to Canmore, located in the heart of the Canadian Rockies, is the place to be.
She loved her cake though! She had asked for a fairy themed cake. So this is what I made for her!
Although the highlight of this story has always been the miracle of multiplying the food, I have been perplexed by Jesus' instruction. I wonder if anyone missed out on a meal that day because they wouldn't sit down?
Don’t come back for me
In a more muted environment the Italian has also made his mark with vigorous form. His team came to this occasion unbeaten over its last 11 fixtures in all competitions, which has in the process taken them to the FA Cup final. The visitors’ mood would, at the very least, have been more complex. After reeling off six victories in the League, they were beaten 4-0 by Wigan at the weekend.
all afterthought. I’ve given every person
There have been numerous changes for the better in the ANC-run education system with more of the country's blacks, excluded from most high-quality education under apartheid, entering high-performing schools. (Please refer to the following ToxiNews articles "Education is key to South Africa's Problems? " and "Who then, was John Langalibalele Dube? - Jacob Zuma")
The author looks at the use of dimmer switches in home lighting. Different types available are discussed, and where to use them, including in bathrooms.
I thought I'd have about 15 entrants tops, but to my surprise, I ended up with 30. Never underestimate the power of free cards, my friends.
The papers are from the paper pad "Alla Prima" from Prima, I printed the ticket on the computer and I have coloured this cute football Ted with my Promarkers and my Prismacolor pencils. No flowers, no flourishes - grrr - just three little card candy to finish up !
The geraniums are all in the basement--it worked so well last year leaving them in pots down there that I am doing it again. I figure, if it works, Yea!, and if not, well, I did get two years out of them.
Morello: You know what they say. Mimicry is the ultimate form of flattery.
Both Kate and I started forgetting things. Until I read Kate's blog post from yesterday, I'd totally forgotten the following episode of extreme forgetfulness even happened:
but the Blessed Sacrament was and is there so this ugly act is inexcusable. It costs $40,920.00 to go to Georgetown U. full time. For that kind of money--and lab fees, room and board are not included in that figure, I expect a kid to act like he or she wasn’t raised in a saloon. What a bunch of spoiled brats. Clearly somebody needs to be expelled and have their extended adolescence brought to a sudden but overdue end.
She was observed overnight and a nurse was in every 45mins to check on her status....We had a lot of prayer warriors at this point! Her fever disappeared and we were clear to go back home that Friday afternoon!
A company filled with self-starting, responsible individuals – what a concept. Wow, just wow.
Why did you choose to shoot in Glasgow?
About 4 hours, and an hour of pushing, out popped Gavin. Looked just like his Daddy! We were so happy he arrived. We did not know what we were having, but my Mom (who could not wait) found out what he was before he was born…of course my family had a blast teasing me before he came!!
So, with that being said, can we fast forward a couple of weeks ?
As soon as I got Twisted in my eager hands in late January, I quickly devoured it. Laura Griffin is one of my favorite romantic suspense author and one of my few auto-buy. She is a damn good writer; I have read quite a few of her books now and she has yet to disappoint me. Although Twisted is not my favorite by her (Snapped is) it's still very, very good.
First we’ll pick our 5 topics of interest (more on that in a minute)
The most important thing is the shape of the shoe. Working for a bank and attending church weekly means I see men’s dress shoes all the time. I assume that most men either buy their dress shoes from Wal Mart or have their wives/LTR’s/mothers do it for them because they all look like larger versions of kid shoes. You don’t want to wear a shapeless blog of leather on your feet. If your shoe adds any weight or heft to the look of your foot, it’s made wrong. Here are a couple I actually found from Wal Mart
A similar group meets in Baltimore for the weekly teleconference. Hough has special ties to one of the other Texas participants — Charles Hough IV, his son, another former Episcopal clergyman who hopes to become a Catholic priest.
"It needs to be blue and soft. It needs a bright pink love heart on it... oh and it has to have my name on it".
I think this is a pretty good query letter as it stands. The paranormal stuff is going to move it off my request list but I can see someone reading pages on this pretty easily.
Iranian journalist Masih Alinejad said Shokraye's sentence was due to Iranian authorities' lack of tolerance towards any form of criticism – in cartoons, newspaper articles and the arts.
There are the daily rituals --
Or do you even know what is it like to be you,
So, Pinterest. Just a couple of thoughts.
Designing a baby nursery can be so much fun. However, for parents who are keeping the baby's sex a surprise or want to reuse the room for future siblings, planning a gender neutral nursery can sometimes be a design challenge. A good starting place when creating a unisex nursery is to select a soothing color palette. Browsing crib bedding, artwork or taking cues from nature may help get your creative juices flowing.
Actually I'm pretty much at a loss to imagine the type of person who might shop there. Would you?
Fall in contribution of agriculture to the overall Gross Domestic Product (GDP), which has gone down to 13.9 per cent. It notes that this trend is expected in the development process of any economy. Yet, agriculture forms the backbone of development, as 52 per cent of India’s work force is still engaged in agriculture for its livelihood and is important for food security and inclusive growth.
I know he won't be in the military forever, but until he is out for sure and we can stay in one place I feel like it's going to be extremely difficult for me to have a successful career doing something I love. Heck, even having the opportunity to finish school in one place would be nice, which at this point won't happen since we don't have too much time left in Virginia.
During one Christmas tour, Derek became very friendly with an acrobat called Sally, who had recently joined us. Sally knew he didn’t mate with females, but still used to hug and kiss him in a friendly sort of way, which didn’t seem to bother Derek. So no one took much notice when the two spent many hours chatting and dancing together at the New Year’s Eve party. And when Sally followed Derek back to his trailer that night, it was surely just for a friendly cup of coffee to see in the New Year.
We had broken up, and I said that it would be best not to speak, so that both of us could heal. Two weeks of silence passed, and then he called.
Torn fresh basil leaves
The X Factor judge, 23, who recently released her first solo single, tops the annual FHM list.
The Lib Dems dream of permanent jobs in the Lords with all those rich expense accounts and ego stroking publicity. The are convinced that STV will deliver them pork on a substantial scale that will make their surrender to the reality of government worth while.
Returning to the resuscitation room, they were cleaning up. I don't know if they pulled it out of the victim or found it in his clothing but there was a bullet in a specimen bag. It was a hollow-point. I'd never actually seen one of these things. Try to visualize a flower, made of metal, with sharp metallic petals radiating from the center. Viewed head on it looked like a .40 caliber Ninja throwing star. It was a viscious looking thing.
Religious progressives, on the other hand, are drawn less by hope of heaven and fear of hell than by the appeal of the sacred community, and the teachings of religion to love their neighbors as themselves. They tend to be more open to new ideas, new kinds of leaders, and new ways of thinking about faith; and much less inclined toward thinking there is one true path.
It is not enough to have our earth kundalini energy awakened and integrated (that serpent moves up the body, not down thru it) we must equally have its mate within us too… the suns kundalini.
The speeding of devoted souls
Sonic Blitz Adventitious for DS Analysis - DS Sonic Blitz Adventitious Review
Bark.
I made it a couple of weeks ago using Milawa organic Chicken livers. It was D I V I N E!!!!!
So what I want to know today whilst I'm busy beavering away, "what has been your weirdest request for a card?"
These are just my thoughts. It nice to think that the freedom to criticise something and the technological means to transmit these criticisms and my ability to pose a contrary position are all the result of the actions of people who went before us and gave up plenty to defend the principals of goodness against evilness.
I bought.
We Love This Book are also proud to be sponsoring Sir Ranulph Fiennes and Misha Glenny’s events at The Times Cheltenham Literature Festival and Christopher Paolini’s appearance at the Bath Festival of Children’s Literature.
The sensible comments following that piece of bog roll journalism are worth reading.
“Yeah?” Hubby asks.
1) Get a Pre-lit Tree
I've learnt a lot about blogging and people in general since I begun an active social media profile, some good and some bad. The best thing I have picked up though are a lot of fellow blogging friends, some beauty bloggers and other bloggers, blogging about whatever takes their fancy or their everyday lives. I won't go into it too much, but I really enjoy blogging and writing and I'm glad to have picked up some amazing followers in the year I have been blogging. Thank you very much for your follow and your support on my blog.
I have been a bit remiss in acknowledging the kind bloggers who have presented my blog with some very special awards, so I am using today’s post to catch up.
1 tin organic butter beans, drained and rinsed
A quickie post today! Was just taught an amazing little trick by a friend of mine so thought I would share it with you too if you are like me and didn’t know this sooner!
Medium sized Shrimp; only if fresh
Generally speaking I waited in Brandon's old Chevy pickup while he ran inside the bar to drop of the smokes to his mom.
Peer Helpers are reminded to pick a research paper topic by next Thursday. Sign up sheet is on the resource room door. Final paper due May 11th.
So I am curious, what are your thoughts? How old is old enough to either use the appropriate gender restroom solo, or at least wait outside for the parent and/or siblings to finish?
Eva started with the scampi, which was served in a piquant spicy chilli and garlic white wine sauce. Absolutely superb, the scampi were plump and unctuous, and the sauce had a presence which did not overpower the scampi.
2. Seven Corners Burger: Our most popular burger… grilled ½ lb.
Always full of every possible detail
1/4 c. powdered dry milk
5. Betsey Johnson bag (I have this one!! It's one of my favs ever!)
Lightfoot was drunken minstrel of incredible talent. Unlike Fogelberg and MaClean, he wasn't there to serenade you with elaborate prose. Lightfoot kicked ass... acoustically. You might say he was the Chuck Norris of folk music - prone to using expletives (see Seven Island Suite) and straight up murdering your ass (see Sundown).
I cooked, I spent time with the kids, I worked out, I ate good food, I helped a family in need, hung out with friends…definitely a good day! Now I just need a shower and my day will be complete…
Ride a Motorcycle (Wheelie If You’re Brave)
I walked past him in the subway
The theme? Improve blocks with made fabrics.
Although I had been practicing my white-seamless-open-shade photography setup for over twelve months prior to our meeting, I was a bit nervous when I arrived to photograph Roy at the Issei Memorial Building in San Jose. But Roy was his usual friendly self and he was very patient while I set up my backdrop and prepared to shoot.
We've had lots of day trips including one to Wimpole Home Farm, with my sister in law and her husband and their three children. Pop Princess adores her cousins and they dote over her and Rock Baby. We also went to stay with our close friends in Oxford who have children about the similar age to us. We have been friends with them for over ten years and I used to live with Rebecca when we are at university. We had some mad times together from mud infested Glastonbury to raving all night till 6am the next day. Obviously life has changed a great deal and we were just pleased we managed to drink a bottle of wine and not feel too grotty the next morning when the kids were up bright and breezy at 6.30am!
Herge didn't just create Tintin, he established a way of creating comics, consisting of complex plotting, well defined characters, international locales and meticulously researched clearline drawings.
Currently hosting the annual Springfield Art Guild Fall Show & Sale with horticultural and historically themed art. Two of my smaller acrylic paintings have made it into this juried show. The juror was Jean Gill who teaches through Fairfax County Adult Education.
Twenty five years of being married is a milestone that is worthy of celebration. I guess they believe in the phrase that they’re going to renew their vows at the same church where they solemnly pledged to have and to hold, for better or for worse, in richer, for poorer, in sickness and in health, to love and to cherish from this day forward until death do us part.
2 table spoons of light soya sauce
Put all in CROCK POT on high for 5-6 hours.
Here is a video of the boys playing with the Dog Casino.
FOURTH COURSE
Then theirs the simple economic question the President fails to understand. To be fair, it’s one of those really tough Econ-101 principles. Supply and Demand. The President seems to think we need to place more importance on education and fails to realize it’s already the biggest consideration and as such college enrollments have increased accordingly. The more people who want to go to college, the more demand there is and when there is more demand, the price goes up. Therefore it’s safe to assume that by giving more money away by the billions to help even more people go to college isn’t in fact going to help the situation.
“The size and scope of this misconduct — stretching to far-away islands never before having standing as approved United States Bank affiliates — is remarkable and emblematic of what we have seen,” he continued. “The bank crisis represents the height of corruption and brazen behavior where our historically trusted financial institutions have no qualms about breaking the law, because they have the Administration behind them. Banks do well enough when they operate lawfully without needing to be permitted to operate as criminal enterprises that steal money from United States citizens.”
“Play with your children. Take time to get medical checkups. Take your partner to dinner. Play another 18. There will always be time to clean the house or fix the disposal.”
Every time CLG comes close to winning a tournament, the forums are flooded with either “Go Canada” or “Go America” posts. And here is where nationalism can get silly. CLG is composed of Canadians and Americans, even if HotShotGG tries to present himself as American (he does). These posts inevitably deteriorate into nationalist posts, with Canadians calling Americans fat, stupid, or hostile, and Americans calling Canadians weak, “eh” sayers, or referencing Canada as a state or America’s hat. It’s like clockwork. Mention a country’s name, you’ll get its defenders, critics, and those who don’t care.
‘Tough shit for you guys, because I’m not tired of talking about it. I’ve known rich people, and why not, since I’m one of them? The majority would rather douse their dicks with lighter fluid, strike a match, and dance around singing “Disco Inferno” than pay one more cent in taxes to Uncle Sugar’.
all and all I have a long way to go and headway to make, but revisiting them is helping me keep them in the front of my mind. How are you ladies doing on your 2012 goals?
Think carefully about what equipment you really need. The place is packed with tourists and in the palace the security guards ask you to carry your bag in front of you. So if you've got a big camera rucksack you're going to have to walk around like a pregnant lady for the afternoon. Being bumped and bumping into other people is not a pleasant experience, so it's best to travel light.
and hours and hours of exploring our 40 acres.
There are people out there that have children and appear to still be partially sane. What's their secret?
Our information has the real Cortell in the state of Nevada, and he has access to cloning tech.
The downside is that it’s taken me a week to re-orient my synapses. If you’re writing a regular blog–or doing any other kind of writing–consistency is essential. If you don’t believe me, read Robert Olin Butler’s account in From Where You Dream of his move from New York to Louisiana. He was away from his writing for eight weeks, and it took him that long again to get back in the fiction groove.
- ingenting kollektiva - lost beyond telling - invisible birds - 2012
1. This is the genius of this recipe. It may be a bit time consuming with the chopping but then all you do is mix everything together! If you can wait about 30 minutes before digging in the flavors will get even better, but if you can’t it will still taste really good.
If you are already a Christian, no matter how many times you fall or turn away, God promises that He will never disown you, He will always forgive you and always love you! This is not conditional on how much we do for Him, but purely based on what He did for us in Christ dying for our sins. It is not based on how much or how often you read the Bible, but rather what the Bible says. That’s right, God’s promise doesn’t change or is not withdrawn just because we are slackers in reading it. Just remember that when we read it, we learn of God’s love for us and see how awesome He is.
Sanyukta is a blogger friend of mine and have very great collection of recipes and hats ofF to her patience and interest for decoration for each and every post and her creative mind was really unbelievable. I like her blog a lot.
*I do believe that it's the wife's vocation to make the home, even though I don't usually describe this as being a "stay-at-home-mom," just because in the course of history, wives and mothers have done a lot of things while making their homes! Most of the time, though, in our present day, making a home is going to mean that the family will live on the husband's income, as it's his vocation to be the provider. For most folks in an economy based on raising one or two children on two incomes, devoting oneself to creating a beautiful environment for one's family will require hard work and dedication, and is well worth the effort. If I can help, even just by cheerleading, I will!
Our day on their farms was amazing. We were able buy fresh strawberries, corn, flowers, kale, etc., right in front of where they were being grown, with the farmers who work the land. Men, women – families – able to take pride in their work.
The kicker–Jesus knew she wasn’t going to let that little boy down. He knew she was going to be faithful to do her part despite her not knowing she was sending her son prepared to be an integral part of miracle.
Good luck! Oh and p.s. make sure you frost the cupcakes after they cool so you won’t have melty frosting dripping down the sides.
Her languid thought patterns erupted to full strength in a nanosecond. Before any of the middle school crowd saw, she kicked the slip under the bushes to her right, hardly breaking stride. She'd have to retrieve it much later, after school, when no one was around.
a tiny fern plant emerged in these dark days so to preserve it's memory I took a print & made more cards
However, McIntyre’s BBC investigation reveals that the teenage victim, Brendan Boland, had also told the then Father Brady and his colleagues, about other children who were being abused by Smyth.
Like glitter’s raining on me
"This could take a while," says Junior. "I'd better call for reinforcements."
■Pray for our Hope2Africa youth.
2 oranges, squeezed
Is the fire hot? - Hot as fire - the cold stuff has not yet been invented.
And it wasn’t as if I hadn’t been practicing–in my night dreams and in m daydreams–what to do with him. Goodness knows, I’d done enough in real life, my waking love life, to practice for this guy. And here he was. I just didn’t know what to do with him.
I use these colored markers for the big guys, since they're too big to lay down:
Anne Amundsen / Lost: a Literary Treasure, Last Seen in Tonga / 217
I became scared of you
To those who note that there is probably some political bias in this post - it says as much about the over-the-top lavishness of the system as it does about the individuals. When even the most objective person witnessess these specatcles, the doorman's (no doubt a Clinton/Obama supporter) perjorative comments first come to mind - followed by countless questions - starting with - how did we get in so deep on the concept of imperialism in a government of the people, by the people and for the people? - or - couldn't they have somehow squeezed by with only 5 vehicles and 20 men? - or - is there anyone connected with these trips who is even thinking about a budget? - or - does the President ever look around and tell his minions - "guys - we really do need to cut the spending on this stuff!!!"
Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close tells the story of Oskar Schell, an autistic boy whose father died alone with many on 9/11. Oskar is having a difficult time adjusting to his father’s death, considering how close they had been. In fact, they’d been so close Oskar once told his mother that he wished she had died instead of him. At one point Oskar finds a blue vase in his father’s closet, which – upon breaking – is revealed to contain a small white envelope containing an old key. Oskar, being extremely inquisitive, wants to find the lock which this key opens, and his only clue is the name “Black” that is written on the envelope. He makes a list of everybody with the name Black who lives in New York and begins his search for the mystery lock.
By the time my teens were over, I stopped treating my breasts like a dirty, little secret and started to use them to my advantage. I realized that they were handy things to have on the dating scene; finally connecting the dots that big boobs = attention from guys. So I’m a little slow, shut up.
It Was Inevitable
- Polyester fiberfill
28. My momma's birthday would have been this Sunday. I miss her :(
And “The Contest” episode was no exception, as they defended a 17 year old high school girl who, outraged by the Obama administration’s bowing to political expedience over solid scientific advise, was on trial for drug trafficking because she chose to buy and resell those “morning after” pills to other female students who were too young to buy them without parental consent. Amazingly enough, they won an acquittal for the girl – something that would never happen in the Ohio I live in, no matter how much I wanted it to!
Unless the precise tone is right, grey has a dampening effect on other colours used with it. Heavy use of grey usually indicates a lack of confidence and fear of exposure.
They might as well be words from a dead language in today’s world.
Get a killing spree.
The paths the Ancients knew.
150g butter
There's always gonna be another mountain
I'm torn between the two camps. I liked the ending to the Hunger Games trilogy, and not just the finality of it all, but what actually happened. On the other hand, for those on the other 'team', the ending alienated them. With Sapphique, I sat there staring at the last page thinking... wait, that's it? What happens next? My imagination filled in the blanks based on my own preferences, but... still... I was a little bummed.
G: It’s sad to think he was so alone.
Zaven Paul Panikian: Born in Cairo, Egypt, to Armenian parents on February 9, 1948, Zaven Paul Panikian migrated to Australia in 1963 and settled in Sydney. Paul worked in government and legal positions, followed by small businesses. He joined the Rosicrucian Order, AMORC in 1969 and served in Sydney Lodge from 1970. In 1996, he was a part of the formation of the English Grand Lodge of Australia, Asia, and New Zealand, and served on the board as vice president. He was elected to the position of Grand Master by the Board of the Supreme Grand Lodge on October 7, 2008. Paul continues to work from Sydney where the Grand Lodge is located. He lives with his wife and four boys not far from the Grand Lodge and Sydney Lodge. His research interests lie with what impact mysticism has had directly and indirectly on humanity, and on the Rosicrucian quest today, considering what impact it has on the arts, culture, education, etc.
"They're trying to get into what company? Oh yeah I heard of them, They aren't as good as 'CompanyB' though. My cousin has been working for them for years I would know."
And go round and round and round
I will be happy
Working in one of the small SVDP clothing stores we own I was witness to a sweet miracle. One afternoon a young mother and her five year old son came into the clothing store I was working alone at. She was a very sweet girl with this cheery voice I can still hear if I stop to listen to it in my mind. Her little boy was bouncing around the store and so excited to see each item we had hung up. Mom was on a mission to find her son some warm winter boots. I helped her find just the perfect pair and offered her to take them to the counter so she could keep looking hands free. At one point the little boy showed his mom a beautiful dress but one you would wear to say a prom. It had lots of pretty bead work on it. She lit up and said oh that is so beautiful and I think I will save up for it and buy it for myself. She held it to herself and twirled around in the mirror. The little boy had to keep touching it and asked his mom why she would not buy it now. She explained she needed to save up for it. Now mind you the dress was priced at $5.00. It had a few flaws on it that had me price it so low. She found the flaws as beauty marks.
Gatorade 4 pack (20oz.) or 6 pack (12oz.) $2.99 each with In-Ad Coupon. Limit 3.
The singer started her foundation last year in April in association with the Prince’s Trust to support young people in the north east of England who have been in trouble with the law, those who are about to leave care or have difficulties at school.
Row 11: Knit 2 stitches together, knit to the end of the row. (5 stitches)
Hour 9 (10pm)
Are you also lace's lovers?
Card - BP is a freebie from a magazine.
Even if going to school is the only thing a parent ever tells a child he has to do, it's a pretty major one. It's not like taking out the trash once a week. It's something that will consume the child's life for years and years. The parents have to keep telling their children what to do every day of the school year for about thirteen years. Would this not disqualify them from being permissive?
she doesnt need to go see special docters, she doesnt need to be changed.
4010 Bissonnet St.
Toss in the prevalence of PUGs lately and you have a hard aspect of the game being made even HARDER when you try to take people on directly.
“Up to so far,” he said, “we have collected documents, identified some of the witnesses and agreed with the Hawks on the approach. We will be getting three investigators to help expedite the case.”
Birmingham, Tuesday. Dear G, Are you any better? If not, why not! Much love, Raymond. The postscript says: I have made a friend of a pussy here, who has been wanting to walk on the table while I am writing"
Everyone showed up to Daegu intact, making the World Championships the primary race on the season that it should be – all the main contenders showing up going head to head for gold. While the conditions (negative winds) kept the women from achieving seasons bests, we were treated to a championship caliber competition with the summer’s top performers coming through in the end – Jeter (gold), Campbell Brown (silver), and Baptiste (bronze).
The other day, I was watching the (surprisingly funny) show New Girl, and the gorgeous character Julia was wearing black nail polish. Instead of looking goth, her black polish looked grown-up and sexy. Since then, black nail polish has been popping up everywhere: pretty girls around town, celebrities at events, even the finalists on The Bachelor. :) What do you think? Would you wear it?
They also wanted a nation-wide “Smart Integration program,” whatever that means. Given the fact that Muslims in Canada had quite recently been pushing for the partial implementation of sharia laws in the country, one would suspect that “smart integration” would mean that non-Muslims should demonstrate a little more appeasement. After all, if Canadian authorities listen to the advice of their compatriot Naomi Klein, these planned mass-killings of Canadian civilians were all due to Canadian racism and because the country wasn’t Multicultural enough. Muslims want to kill Canadians, Canadians smile back, tell them how much they “respect” them and ask what more they can do to please them.
with golden hair and a flowing dress
Best Cinematic Moment:
For the tag and card I used SU cardstock and some
9. The groom forgot the bride’s name
Jen's 1st birthday party is tonight. Today is her actual birthday (Happy Birthday, Jen) and we are having a Girl's Night/Bruins party tonight at Grace's house. Tomorrow is a family party. It will be a joint Tommy/Jennifer birthday since their birthdays are close.
IDD-on-Nutrition, creating a nutrition conscious society.
Maybe there's more to it, but I'm no detective.
Given this context, the Commission considers that Google's incentives to use the threat of injunctions to forcibly extract cross-licences from good faith licensees are most likely be constrained by the prospect of an investigation based on Article 102 TFEU.
I am so thrilled to be invited to this party and can’t wait to see her gorgeous home finished!
Eugene Kelly performed with Nirvana on stage at the 1991 Reading Festival and then subsequently he was asked to bring his new band on the road as support to the rock superstars as they criss-crossed the globe.
They had no evidence to pin it on Lewis, but he was still a perfect patsy. The patsy only has to "work" for a period of time. Once the thing blows over, people get wrapped up in the next psyop and NO ONE CARES about the facts anymore.
I’m spiritual in many ways, but I’ve noticed most recently…
Change is what we say we want but as the change happens we say we don’t. Change is scary.
Now, I never claimed it was health food (although I do use ground turkey instead of the ground beef used by my grandma and mom) but, I promise its yummy!
The main goal is to have fun and follow the blogs that interest you!
And all this achieved in a decade and a half, I’d say that’s an achievement to be proud of! I’m yet to read any of these novels but the majority of the films have been highly successful with a few major names such as Zac Efron, Miley Cyrus, Amanda Seyfried and Channing Tatum.
Ayinger - try the Jarhundert-Bier and Altbairisch, Munich Helles and Dunkel respectively. Excellent stuff if you want light or dark Munich-style lagers.
Crossing the Mississippi River
We somehow have the idea that fear is irrational and shouldn't be heeded. Everything's fine, we lie when common sense screams DANGER! (This applies to comfortable settings, as well, such as during church services.) We should feel uncomfortable when a man gets into our personal space. Don't let him in! We should feel suspicious and distrustful when some suave guy starts asking personal questions and gives us that dashing, disarming smile. We should feel fear! God gave us the feelings of discomfort, suspicion, distrust, and fear for a reason. Do you think Joseph might have felt those feelings just before he RAN from Potiphar's wicked wife? Don't turn those feelings off; listen and obey!
as the mystic augurs wait for god’s sign to reveal itself.
Whisk flour, sugar, salt.
Brighton Polytechnic 26th March 1977
Mix milk, remaining sugar, flour and yeast mixture in a large plastic or glass container, (metal objects ****** Herman’s natural growth.) Stir, using only a wooden spoon or paddle.
There were plenty of names for it. The Tattooed Man, the Vandalized One, the Defaced. Most were male, which was in and of itself a misnomer; it always appeared as the same sex and roughly the same age to the person that beheld it.
As a general internist with a small concierge practice I have tried to coordinate my patients’ care and dealings within a complex, bureaucratic and dysfunctional health system. Patients have access to me 24 hours a day, seven days per week by telephone, cell phone, email and text messaging. I do not have an answering service so all after-hours calls are forwarded directly to me. During the initial patient orientation visit we discuss the need to keep me abreast of their health concerns and problems so I can bring the big picture to their immediate and localized health concern or problem. Similar information goes out in my quarterly newsletter and is on my web site. I am trying to reach the technologically sophisticated patients as well as the technologically challenged.
Anselme’s summoning was then complete, an air elemental emerging suddenly upon the field before immediately becoming a huge tornado of whirling winds! With the roar of howling currents the whirlwind tore swiftly across the battlefield, sweeping up countless skeletons in the blink of an eye as it began to skirt along the badly besieged eastern front–and whisking away the halfling mummy attempting to pursue Pandora still, though not before the drow had also been inflicted with its terrible disease.
I am not a Chinese girl, but I think Chinese girls have a lot of virtues that are under appreciated and these are but a sampling. Chinese women have been pushed into the background by men for as long as China has been Chinese. With times changing they are achieving more and more independence, it’s a slow change but if we don’t all blow up in 2012 I will be interested to see where the woman’s China is going.
I just sent an email to my editor that included the line 'the ethnicity of the ostrich is not recorded', and spent the afternoon doing picture research to brief an illustrator who needs to show an ant with cordyceps (parasatic fungus) growing out of its head, one of Damien Hirst's sliced cows, and a Timurid war elephant. Actually, he'd got the war elephant spot on.
jimmy: I object. I think I look like an undercover cop at glastonbury.
And I realized I was listening to myself. Ouch.
Wow, it's been a long week. We are just finishing up our IOWA State Testing - The longest test ever! I am very proud of my students for getting through it because I almost felt like I wouldn't survive reading all the directions and everything. For the most part they are doing well, but for the short timed parts (for example, math computation) they are having difficulty. Anyone have any tips to speed their time besides taking timed test after timed test? We did try this, but since it was a "state test", I think they wanted to do so well that they took their time (a little too much).
Pediatrician: "Does she know her colors?"
In America, everyone works, because no one is born rich, (It does happen, by accident, that a few young people are conditioned by an inherited fortune and a polite education to gallantries and social intrigues, but they are too few in number to be a nuisance, and if they give the least indication of troubling the peace of a family, they find the American world leagued solidly against them to oppose and crush the common enemy. This explains why American bachelors of wealth and leisure do not stay in the United States but come to live in Europe, where they find men of intellect and corrupt women.) and the dreary idleness of the garrison is unknown here, because the country has no standing army.
sitting next
What are your favorite "Name-Songs?" Do you share a name with any songs that you know of?
No refund was ever given.
What does this army do? Does it fight? Let me draw your attention to two obvious points. First, "he judges and makes war" (Rev 19:11); "out of his mouth comes a sharp sword with which to strike down the nations" (Rev 19:15); "He will rule them with an iron scepter" (Rev 19:15); "He treads the winepress of the fury of the wrath of God Almighty" (Rev 19:15). He. He. He. He. He does it all. What do we do? Nothing. What does His army contribute? Nothing.
An endurance to steady through tough times
Perhaps they should change their name to Hope for the Dying Christian Metal Genre. Hope For the Dying’s debut LP features face-melting shreds and smashing melodies galore – for the energetic metal fan, this is satisfying from beginning to end. Despite traces of metalcore, each track manages to carry itself with enough dignity (via the heavy influence of classical & classic metal acts) to avoid thoughts of emo hair and hardcore dancing (…sorry for even bringing it up), and features enough flavor to perk up your ears while your head bobs and your fingers air-strum.
Jaswant Singh’s expulsion from the Bharatiya Janata Party must have helped pique interest in the tome. For a time, it was not uncommon to find Mumbai train commuters immersed in the book, television debates raising its visibility and contributing to the hype around the already hyped up relations between the two countries.
Thanks to the ButterMilk, this is more moist than the Plainly Perfect Pound Cake. The little citrus hint from the orange zest took backstage to the crumbly cinnamon flavoured streusel that is swirled throughout the cake - great flavour and texture to the otherwise, plain pound cake.
It is clearly a handicap, but I have more difficulty measuring my ability in many areas than some of my friends do. Then there are times when friends doubt but I don't. That usually concerns winning friends and influencing people.
(Thankfully things are back to normal for now, and she's nursing normally. I stayed home on Monday from work to make sure things were good with her, and we had an incredible day.)
Anyways, we have talked from time to time about doing a beer trade. I have done it before and I loved it. I mean, how cool is it when the mailman brings you beer. It is so much better than junk mail or bills. So a few weeks ago, we decided to do it. We decided to trade some beer.
Materials : Quality Spandex Lycra (Top Notch)
Sorry about yesterday, but I was feeling bad. I started the post over my grandmothers and then when I came home, I got worse in the matter of minutes. I just wanted to go to bed last night. Today, I was a sore and scratchy, but I got through the day. I had a little altercation today, that got a little verbal with hollering, but you know what I’m over that. I realize that what is going on isn’t healthy for me. But at the same time I am just going to focus on myself.
"I don't know," came his well thought out answer.
The most used nickname for Paris is "Paname", which comes from Panama of the canal and hat fame. Originally, at the beginning of the twentieth century, it was slang but nowadays, it's kind of hip to refer to Paris as "Paname". You hear it a lot in French songs (for example, tunes by French singer Renaud).
Now the view is a lush mass of foliage in many hues, a layering of bronze and bright green through to the deeper forest greens, the garden held in suspension as it awaits the scarlet poppies, peonies and yellow flag iris which provide contrast to the bluebells and aquilegia scattering the banks. Will I ever put the hose pipe away instead of making it the focal point?!!.
Get ready to become a great Detective! Use the techniques and principles of a great sleuth, interview and investigate. There are lots of great deals out there that are waiting for you to reap the rewards, don’t get taken in by a scam.
Applications of a Voice Activated TV Remote Control
The kids played in the playground in the mall for a bit and then we went for a drive out to Fannie Bay past a great recreational lake and the wharf area and all around the place. Called back in through town for a take home bucket of icecream and then back to the caravan. We all went for a swim in the pool to cool off and then Tim stayed at the pool bar and watched the footy and the kids and i came back to the van and played puzzles and did some photo and blog updates.
Still on the trail of Jane Austen and her niece, Anna Austen Lefroy I read that strange oddity, Jane Austen’s Sir Charles Grandison, and decided it’s not so odd after all. It’s a collaboration between niece and aunt; the ms resembles what we find in the other extant worked-over ms’s; it’s a sort of unfinished, first version play adaptation or sequel. As a ms this text tells the same tale of development from caricature as the other ms’s.
So what would I advise my younger self to do?
2. Increase Your Knowledge And Experience
Public Service Announcement: If you're not yet registered to vote, here's a good link to do so: https://www.voteforchange.com/. There's less than two weeks for you to get registered, especially if you have moved since the last time you voted. DO IT NOW!
To objectively measure the halo perception, Ramachandran et al asked TK to identify letters that were projected onto a white screen. An unfamiliar person, identified as having a blue halo, stood in front of the screen.
I have twice ventured to Cornwall since Christmas in the hope of seeing Scarlett: both times she was unattainable. I think maybe I will never see her again. It’s not a problem. I guess when I’m stressed I go off at tangents regularly. Imagine my fortitude, irony, when I walked into the disappointment that was St. Mawes. I travelled 900 miles round trip just to be out of pocket and frankly a bit lost. What direction do I go in now? I’d love to just find somewhere that didn’t just abuse me in someway. How did sailors cope in the past sleeping in those cramped smelly quarters?
One person said something I wrote was too upbeat, too happy.
I allowed it to cool just a bit, then topped with lettuce, tomatoes and sour cream. I jazzed the sour cream up by adding the same spice line up: cumin, chili powder and garlic powder.
Travis Reed is a film maker and visual liturgist who has used many Restoration Project songs for his videos at The Work of The People. He recently sent me this picture from Joplin, MO with a note that said, “Your music was playing in my head while I was standing here on the Joplin corner.”
Their once-fluttering leaves lay sadly in the ground below them, thick rugs of decomposing, blackish muck. Nepeta “Walker’s Low” catmint was strung out in a thick mat upon the ground, its bunches of green mint-like leaves and tiny lavender blooms only a distant memory now.
Agent Two: What's Plan B?
These slogans are good in sough -ting, but in fact do not impart any principles, unless and until they are followed and practiced in life.
Diana Ross
Mr Barker also toured a number of other buildings on the BRE Innovation Park and heard about BRE’s progress in establishing a global network of Parks in China, Brazil, the US Canada and India that will drive green export growth for the UK construction sector.
I've now crossed off most things on my 26 things to do before turning 26 list (which also turned into my before 27 list). And so, a new list for this new year of life...couldn't quite get to 28 but I'm sure I will think of more as the year goes on:
Hachi: “Las Vegas strips away the thin moral pretension and hypocrisy of consumer society to reveal its essence. The commodification of human beings, the heart of the consumer society, is garishly celebrated in Las Vegas.” …I see.
$16 will get you the next three issues and a Best of OPE issue not available in Doug's bathroom
The fact is (you ain't never been to a ball!) scratch that--Anne of Green Gable quotations sometimes happen to me--anyways, the fact is, ever since I gave birth to Angus my hair has not been the same. At first I blamed it on hormones and breastfeeding, but it has been over a year and I haven't nursed him for two or three months now. And still.
Rome is a very romantic city, if you are not in love when you go there you will go back in love with the city at least. I, myself, was completely enchanted by the city, the attitude the citizen had, the language, the food, the gelato… you name it. In my opinion, you haven’t tried real pizza until you have been in Italy. You are a pizza-virgin until then! I would probably say the same about the ice-cream as well, but Pizza-virgin sounds more fun than ice-cream-virgin or gelato-vergine… I will stop making up words now!
Not only one of the best films of 1990, it’s one of Schwarzenegger’s finest cinematic accomplishments. Under Paul Verhoeven’s great direction, Total Recall is a fast-paced rush of violence, gore, and humour that never slacks. The funniest scene not intended would be when Schwarzenegger’s character gets caught out in the Martian atmosphere and his head starts expanding, it’s very funny but is supposed to be really serous. My favourite scene of all would be when Quaid uses the holograms to trick the guards and kill them is very fun to watch showing off Schwarzenegger’s ability to pull one liners out of nowhere and make them gold. Now there is going to be a remake of this coming out this year but I don’t think it’s going to be that good, mainly because they have replaced Schwarzenegger with Colin Farrell and they will not be going to mars! That’s the main plot point.
On Wednesday, Joe makes an observation about the rage that can exist beneath that calm exterior in “Quiet Desperation”.
I’m a mentalist.
They then blew up the underground bases the elites were going to use to hide in when they carried out their nuclear holocaust.
So Last week was National Park Week meaning you get into all National Parks for free.
“The allegation that I have forced my religion onto other people, that I am some kind of religious maniac was made worse by the fact that they told me there was no need to understand what this is all about”
The technology is open to the highest bidder. Bid high, get your name stamped onto the circuitry.
I care to hear it zero times, in case you’re wondering.
Ok. After downing some tacos and contemplating polishing off the rest of the ground meat (no homo), this beer serves as a great foil. Huge flavor all the way around that is very drinkable. I'll give it a high 3 star.
Finding archaeological objects the size of quarters when they are all or partly buried in sand and sparsely dispersed over a landscape would be difficult under the best of field conditions. There are methodologies that can assess potential for buried archaeological deposits but unless a responsible agency requires them then they are not typically part of the Phase 1 investigation. If the consulting archaeologists suspect buried deposits, s/he might propose additional investigatory work but it would be up to the responsible agency to require that this work be completed. It’s worthwhile to keep in mind that contemporary American archaeology seeks to avoid digging so we don’t just dig unless there’s a justification for doing so.
SD: Because I work from home, I have the luxury of setting my own schedule which means my work days are never quite the same.
Best Customer Service
Pushing budget cuts and pension changes at the same time could create political problems jeopardizing pension reform, according to one legislator with knowledge of negotiations but not authorized to talk on the record.
My new phone(Paul and I upgraded to smart phones and handed down our old phones to the kids a couple weeks ago) hasn't been working right, and yesterday I kept missing calls because it wouldn't let me answer. It was also turning itself off mulitple times a day. So went to the TMobile store. They right away said it was defective and would replace it. Then tried to charge me shipping and restocking fees!Um....NO. I was within their 14 day policy and still had to fight to the point of pointing out that we purchased it on 31 of March and it was only 12 of April. He kept trying to say I was a month past the 14 days! I left with a new phone and not owing anything. I do have to go back when the manager is there, because I don't think I should have to purchase a new screen protector when the phone was defective, not damaged because of me.....Argh!
Official wedding recaps are upon us, and you have all been loyally following me here on this blog. However, in the past few months, Blogger has been giving me a ton of problems. One of these problems includes transferring my Weddingbee posts over. You see, I compose my Weddingbee posts in WordPress...and for some reason Blogger is giving me a heck of a headache when it comes to copying them over...the photos will not load for me. After failing about 20 times at copying my first recap over, I realized that I would have to upload each and every photo again through Blogger to post it here. For those of you who have already gone through the process of wedding recaps, you know how long it takes to compose one post...uploading photos alone takes a LONG time! I just can't do it for two different blogs...there isn't enough time in the day!
short sighs in the street,
Hell...I need a chicken who will jump on a plane with me and have a carefree weekend in Vegas...we will call it "therapy"!
"The advantages of a lie are always short-lived," he writes in 'Through a glass, rosily', an analysis of Leftist efforts to portray accurate reporting of the horrors of Sovietism as counterproductive and worthy of suppression even when allowing that they are true. "And yet," he continues, "genuine progress can only happen through increasing enlightenment, which means the continuous destruction of myths."
We are to look carefully how we walk, not as the unwise, make the best us of your time because days are evil. Instructions for husbands and wives on submission to each other. Then He quotes Genesis 2:24 on marriage.
Fast Easy Simple Jailbreak.com – Your Answer to Jailbreaking. It was born from my YEARS of experience with all types of iDevices. I have helped Thousands of people over the years with their iDevices, let me help you as well. I have tried to design all of the Tutorials as if it was my first time ever Jailbreaking. This way anyone can do it. The main thing is, you can learn from my mistakess so you never have to wonder what do I do if Unthinkable Happens. I will have you covered. Nobody ever plans on it, but wouldn’t it be nice if you didn’t have to worry.
I had hoped that I could have it up and running on 23rd April, but life has other plans: so, as it stands now, it’s likely to open its doors on…
The reason for this is that there is great genetic variation in hops, and seedlings are very seldom like the parents. Ian Hornsey (2) writes:"Because the sexes are separate the species is highly heterozygous with the resulting extreme morphological variability of plants that are raised from seeds. This causes problems for the commercial grower who strive for consistency. For this reason, therefore, a commercial grower will propagate the crop vegetatively, there being three major methods:
Here is the scenario, I did 2 transactions but it will all come out the same...
How have I never missed an episode? It's called DVR, a.k.a. Best Invention Ever! I squeeze in the recorded shows when I can. I may watch it while I blog. Sometimes it's just my time. Sometimes I watch it in the middle of the night when I can't sleep. It's my indulgence. And other times, we all chill out and watch it as a family. Love it.
More rapid than eagles his coursers they came,
Jones’ remark came in response to Curtis’ question,
I just want to keep this website active on this subject: TRAVELLING.
I’ll keep my eyes open and track their movements.
1) The ANC was seen as the organization behind several major terror attacks. Brett's assertion that these attacks were objected to by the ANC's leadership is highly debatable. In fact, after the Church Street bombing (aimed at a military building, but which mostly killed civilians), Oliver Tambo, ANC's leader in exile, declared it a legitimate target. Even one who had in fact read the Freedom Charter would have been horrified by this attack in rush hour, in which civilian casualties were inevitable.
Next, you peel back the glitter sheet exposing the silver side. This is the side you stick to the adhesive. I just slipped my heart right in the middle. Then, rub the glitter on just like a rub-on. In fact, I use my old rub on stick to make sure all the bits and ends are stuck down.
There have been critical nuclear attacks against underground cities and sub-shuttle systems.
I must confess, my head is miles from Millbrook. I've spent the past week and a half soaking up sun in southern Florida after making flowers for a party in West Palm Beach hosted by the very same bride who brought us to Millbrook in the first place. But again we will suspend time and space to have a bit of fall dreaming.
Well, if you don't know, how on earth can I help you? What's your job? What are the job offers? Do you have to move? Would you make more money? Would you have more time or less time for your family life? Is where you work now a horrible sinful place where you are surrounded by evil? Are your co-workers dragging you into a life of sin? Are you put upon so much so that you feel used and abused? Is there health insurance?
I was a little surprised that the second option got so little support, as I might have thought there were a lot of people who were mostly pub drinkers but also liked sampling the more exotic beers at home. Obviously the poll does not go into people’s motivation, but it is noticeable that the biggest single category was those who did all, or virtually all, their drinking at home. I would once have said “mostly in the pub” but am now more “half and half”.
Traditions are like the ratings for Two & a Half Men – they help to justify a lot of things. Not everything (hopefully), but just enough to allow you to condone blatant acts of stupidity. And so, as one television company has persisted in embracing Charlie Sheen, I have decided to persist in embracing marathon viewings of classic movies and the B-grade sequel spawn they produce.
What, me? Again?
Reactor 4: The Most Imminent Threat
And love the people in our lives
Of course, it’s been so long (5 months?) since our meal at Hawksworth that I cannot remember the names of what was ordered. If you happen to know the name of any of these items, please let me know and I will add them back on. (V? B? Do you two remember?) Here’s what we ordered:
How I launder: I toss into a cold water wash, let the machine agitate 5 times, turn off and let sit for a half hour. Drain out the wash water, fill with rinse (add softener if desired), let agitate 5 times, turn off and let sit for another half hour, drain, and spin. Remove from the washer and toss in the dryer with 3 tennis balls. Dry on gentle, checking from time to time between biting finger nails. The chenille looks really bad when it comes out of the wash, but something magical happens in the dryer.
So from this (found it using Google Image search - keyword "quatrefoil"):
That wasn't quite all the crafting for the weekend though! Those of us who were there are also participating in a year long monthly ATC swap and had decided that we would swap our April and May ATCs whilst away together. That meant I had to make mine whilst there as I hadn't got around to it beforehand! To my relief I wasn't the only one. The top two are the two I made and the bottom two are the two I received.
Yelling out to my brother
(PS: I was tempted to classify this as a Euromyth, but it really isn’t. It’s probably more in the much broader category of ‘some journalists will copy-paste any damn thing without fact-checking’.)
4. Add in the Brussels sprouts and coat them with the bacon and the bacon fat giving the sprouts a little bit of color and then add ½ cup of water to finish the cooking.
Think about it. If you're taking this corn loaf to a bereaved family, they are certainly not eating it hot out of the oven, as we did. In fact, it might spend a night or two in the fridge, benefitting from moisturizing treatments.
"We all owe Queenie a big favour." Deanna says to me as we leave the room.
8. MOCK UP AS MUCH AS YOU CAN TO ILLUSTRATE THE IDEA. Here are two pages from a book I pitched to a publisher several years ago. You don't even need to use final text. Just throw some jabberwocky copy in. It's the 'look' they're interested in. I use InDesign, but you can use any medium.
“This is a time of real economic struggle, particularly for our seniors and those on a fixed income,” said Rep. Morgan. “The services this program provides will go a long way towards curbing utility bills this winter and in the years to come.”
I woke up on Christmas morning to the sounds of one of my children wretching his guts out. By 3:00 that day another son was sick. This is another whole story and it is not very pretty so I think I will just stop there.
Much in the tradition of new year’s resolutions, the bloated self-indulgence of December’s blockbuster fare has been cast off and replaced with a healthy salad of crisp and fibrous new releases, each loudly espousing their restorative properties this January. Whilst this obviously has more to do with the upcoming Oscars (shudder) and much less an attempt at cleansing, focussing and reinvigorating filmic output on the part of the industry, it’s nonetheless highly welcome. You can already taste those celluloid vitamins slipping down your greasy gullet.
Maybe you’re not into spoofs, but most of us authors have some pretty hysterical rough drafts and drawer manuscripts. Dig one out (an old one that doesn’t grieve you anymore), and find a section to give your audience. If you read from your current book, don’t be afraid to spice it up. Dramatic pauses, voices, gasps—whatever fits. They’re ready to be entertained, so be brave. Collect some anecdotes from your travel or tour and have them ready. Self-deprecating humor is always a safe bet, too.
Will always love you till eternity…
One of the best lines ever.
Yep. After that day I realised that was the first time in a while that I had taken my camera out and about...I've forgotten how fun it was. That, and the unexpected glory of breakfast dates- I highly encourage them! Aside from watching The Avengers (jizz) with R- who insisted on buying the giant Thor cup and popcorn combo- that was my weekend.
Well goodness! Who wouldn’t want to enter into this drawing as well? Click the image below to be taken to Linda’s site to enter!
I can remember a sensation of blurriness in the air as I was painting, as if the edges of my experience were fusing into something else, perhaps the very borders of time fading away. Though I’ve never felt it again to quite that extent, I still recognize this gossamer-silk sensation during times when I am in a creative flow; I’ve even experienced it a few times as I’ve been writing this book. I don’t know what it means, and I can scarcely even describe it; I just know that everything takes on a different quality when we are in the flow, when time is sighing. When I asked students to describe their experience during the flow state, they shared some of the following
SO -- to start things off I'd like to say that I am so thankful for my three wonderful children and all that they have taught me.
While the cupcakes were cooling, I stuck on the pies, with some garlic bread, the in-laws arrived for dinner. We all sat enjoying our pies (which really were delicious!!) and catching-up. When they left at 9.30pm our sides were hurting from regaling stories from over the last few years!
Your loved ones want to reward you with a special and memorable meal anywhere your little heart desires. This special outing is a much needed time out to relax, to sit back and be pampered, and wined and dined however you wish! Don't you worry your pretty little head about the logistics, getting their, cost, what to wear,etc...Just imagine all those details have been magically taken care of. So.........you know the drill, its your turn to choose your absolute favorite setting here!! I am so curious to see who comes out on top and just where it is you will be headed for your special Mothers day destination meal......
This feeling is having a bit of a funny effect. I think I’ve mentioned before that I haven’t really suffered any of the pregnancy symptoms making the first trimester so miserable for so many. I’ve felt very tired a lot, at times exhausted; but so far there’s hardly been any nausea at all, and not a single incidence of puking. My boobs have gotten a big fuller, but they haven’t yet gotten much bigger – and there’s also been hardly any soreness. Only during the night, when I get up to pee. I do have to pee a lot – I consider a night when I’ve only had to get up once an undisturbed night. My appetite’s been less than it used to be (though I think it’s coming back) and there’s some foods I feel like eating less than I used to, but there are no real food aversions – I can eat anything. I feel stuffed easily and am really bloated, but I’m not suffering constipation. I could go on like this.
Have you ever dyed anything using food? (Aside from Easter eggs.) Did anybody try the steel wool method for an aged look? I might do that one next time. What project did you work on this week?
It is only Tuesday, but we have had so much new learning that I couldn't wait to share it with you. The students arrived Monday to this morning message. We did inferring with the words in the morning message.
Pushing children is so inherent in the south Asian culture that many migrants also adopt the approach.
They are larger than other walnuts I've used and unlike many others, there is no bitterness to them ... just sweet, tender nuts that are really difficult to keep from snacking on when you need them for a recipe. Once I had them measured out and tried one ... I had to re-measure a couple times. Oops.
Finally, she acknowledged that it might be a good idea to take a break from Twitter:
I have been married over twenty years, with many of the “normal” events of marriage shaping the adults we have become–moves, children, illness, job changes, pets, new hobbies,old hobbies, loss of friends and family, illness, planting a garden, choosing paint colors, buying a new car-a sofa-toilet paper, vacations, volunteering.
The condensed version: long run today changed to longish hike, 16.5 miles from Gold Bar (up) to Wallace Lake and back (down). Even though I didn't run, my legs are tired. And rather sore.
Iván Meade – On your website you can read about the “new mystery showhome” you are working on. Can you elaborate on this project?
Who we hope will read this document
Them: "Hello, are you there? We can't see you."
I always feel a little tremulous about adding Virginia events to my calendar because I, like all authors, fear the prophet-in-your-home-town effect of local events. There is nothing weirder than having lovely events elsewhere and expecting to come home to a lovely event bolstered by family and friends and then discover that somehow, you have lost your family and friends and in fact, no one else got the memo either. In past years, I've actually managed to have more family and friends show up at the events hundreds of miles away than just down the road.
It's easy to understand why. When it comes to value for money, vacation rentals including self catering options, they are small and more private space to yourself also makes it possible to spend as much as it would take for your transportation and sightseeing. You will have to worry about people partying or other disturbances around your own kitchen. You never have to make dinner, appetizers, or a bachelor apartment, these agencies will help lessen your travel fare. A rental car is included in some villas, although this may jack up the riviera vacation rentals a deposit of 25 - 50% is required to reserve the bend vacation rentals with the narragansett vacation rentals on the riviera vacation rentals it takes to get scammed or waste money on the vacation rentals coronado. The short term rental options are ideal for those visitors who want to get involved. Consider making a down-payment on your own meals at home as a bonding experience in your property for a villa holiday.
Especially to bigger folk
You used to say that it was so easy
It's been super cold the past few days. This is why I don't like winter. I've never been that fond of winter, even as a child. I like a white snow - once a year. I don't like mind-numbing cold. That's why I've been looking forward to moving some place warmer though it looks like I'll have to wait until I retire to manage it.
1/2 package Virginia ham (I used Oscar Mayer's in the tub), sliced
She snuggled up against him until he pulled into a gas station and stopped the bike. Matt lifted his visor and turned towards her.
Single crochet (sc) in the second chain from hook and each chain around putting 3sc in the last chain stitch.
In a December 31 editorial column, the newspaper questioned the sentence imposed by a Cuban court on U.S. citizen Alan Gross, convicted of violating the law.
A countrywide survey among 181 small water-treatment plants in all but two provinces found an alarming situation, Flanagan wrote in her report, namely that all these plants ‘were being run by people with very low educational standards’ -- some could barely read, hence the plan for the cartoon-manual -- and none had any engineering skills.
I truly enjoyed the class, did stuff I never thought I'd ever try to do. I hope you'll check it out!
As you will have seen I have been a.w.a.l !!! I am sure you will have guessed why!! Yes my princess did arrive on the 17th at 7.09pm weighing 9lb. It was a difficult birth for us both, but thanks to the wonderful staff at Raigmore both myself and my little Kezia are doing fine.
I want to show you the striking contrast by reading Galatians 5:19-23. “Now the works of the flesh are manifest, which are these; Adultery, fornication, uncleanness, lasciviousness, Idolatry, witchcraft, hatred, variance, emulations, wrath, strife, seditions, heresies, Envyings, murders, drunkenness, revellings and such like.”
Tickets are on sale soon and will be £3 for students and £4 for adults.
Long-termers tell me it's a rite of passage up here, and I must say, I am surprisingly more relaxed about it than I thought I would be. I'm fine, my pup is fine. That's all I really care about.
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY!
Maria had an attentive audience as she spoke about her writing, inspirations and where her ideas came from. It was great to hear about how much her personal life was involved with her writing - and we were all quite amused when asked about her vision of Valek (featured in the 'Study' series) that her husband 'claims' the he was the model of that particular heartthrob character - with much rolling of the eyes from Maria and made us giggle quite a lot.
It is a potluck, so I hope people actually bring stuff that is homemade......I cant stand when you say potluck....and people bring a bag of chips and a liter of soda or beer. I mean....yes you can bring the beer too, but please....a bag of chips? Do you want to eat those....no. LOL, Andrew and I have thrown enough potlucks together to notice that no matter what this will always happen. So we always over compensate....but this time....we arent gonna. So we shall see what happens. (is this a silly problem that you all have too, or is it just me?) And I understand that most of our friends are on a ....college budget, but seriously, potatoes arent that expensive.....or even like, garlic bread? LOL!
‘Having Your Best Year Ever’ - Nigel Risner
feat no cryptologist, linguist, scientist or software engineer has
I have always had a soft spot for whales. I love them. I think it is incredible that there are such huge and intelligent animals in the world. I am in awe of them. We loved the Shamu show. The kids insisted to sit in the SPLASH zone, and we seriously got wet. Soaked.
But I think if I were a Spice Girl (“If I were a Spice Girl….na-na-na-na-na-na…”), I would probably be Sporty Spice. I am active. I find sports and all that pretty inspiring. I have lots of running shoes. I look forward to the Summer Olympics with anticipation. The stories behind the athletes make me feel like someday, given enough time and effort and better genes, I could compete on a world-class level. Maybe I could even medal.
If I had to narrow it all down to one reason why this has been such an incredible ride so far, the reason would be that I believe in the experience and tools OurPangea wants to bring to its users. I believe in the idea of community and I believe in creating a space where users are always in a position to make new friends. Sure, most of the tools we have today allow us to build our network connections, but OurPangea really got my attention when they proposed creating a place where users could continually cultivate meaningful, lasting relationships.
If black is in fact the absence of colour or light, then silence is the black of the auditory realm. Quiet you can hear, but this was the complete and utter absence of anything – and I can’t stress that enough. Very occasionally you could head a distant moo of cattle or squark of a pheasant, but that only heightens the lack of sound the rest of the time. Nothing happening, the world just Is. It lifts everything from your shoulders, the world is put on pause… it’s wonderful.
- The new policy strongly discourages (though does not explicitly forbid) teachers from engaging in any casual conversation with students regarding any subject that is not related to that which they teach. Current events, politics, family matters, and even sports, are all off-limits. So I can no longer commiserate with students who share my love of the Boston Red Sox, for example, or ask a student about his summer vacation plans. Essentially, I am discouraged from talking to my students about anything except the subject I teach. The justification for this policy change is that such casual conversations blur the boundaries of authority and can foster "friendship" between students and teachers. And apparently some people feel that teachers and students can't and shouldn't be friends (or even friendly). I suspect it's also aimed at discouraging teachers from expressing their opinions to students regarding controversial issues. We wouldn't, after all, want our kids exposed to the reality that people have different opinions and the fact that everyone has a right to theirs, would we? Never mind the fact that a little discretion and good judgement on the part of teachers is, and should be, kind of a prerequisite for the job.
Squandering this resource is an astonishingly shortsighted thing to do when health and food are so much at top of mind for people around the world.
replaced it by the one from the other source. Seem to
But what if we manufactured others things? Bicycles? Electric bicycles? Small ride on electric vehicles for getting around the city? Solar panels? Small appliances? Power tools? Precision instruments? Micro-computers? Laboratory equipment? Large scale nurseries for for the forest industries? Clothing using our own wool? It seems the possibilities are endless. The problems are endless too.
Thank you also to all those who have encouraged this tomfoolery by leaving comments and feedback on the stuff you have stumbled across here over the year and I hope you continue to post your thoughts in the future.
Drinkaware.ie have recently launched a new campaign to encourage people to drink at their own pace. The ad clearly targets the younger Irish generation, who can often times be accused of drinking to keep up with the crowd rather than for enjoyment. It is a well known fact that alcohol affects different people in different ways, there are a number of factors that impact a persons tolerance, including weight, age, height and sexuality. Therefore it is vital that people pace themselves and drink within their own capabilities.
Viewed from another angle, it is to be seen if by describing the actions on paper, I can prevent anyone from performing the poses. That line of argument would not be anymore helpful for Choudhary. It is nothing but a predatory practice to enjoy the gamut of rights under copyright over something in public domain. If I wrote a book on football and described the technique of stepovers, it would be ludicrous to start suing Messi and Ronaldo for publically performing my literary work. Similarly, a painstaking description of how to cut trees will not stop deforestation owing to people fearing a copyright infringement notice in their mailbox. Copyright law has certainly not prevented independent
I need to get some irregular present tense verbs introduced in level 1 before sending the students off to level 2. I want to keep the verbs in context as much as possible, so today I created a couple of activities to focus the students’ attention on saber and conocer, the verbs “to know” in Spanish.
At this point, we may venture the question: why were these prophets punished for being nice to the people? After all, they were merely sharing a message of peace.
Perhaps I should go down the ironically eccentric route and turn up in a balaclava with a Jaffa cake, but maybe (given that I’m about to lobby for amnesty over the naming fiasco) this would not go down well with TFFKAM.
They have recently upgraded their TV to a 38inch digital set because (a) digital is now a must and (b) because at 38inches Granddad can once again see and enjoy his television. These new TV's are all singing all dancing and designed by the younger adults in society taking into consideration what they see as 'workable' and 'convenient'. Problem is we have an ageing population and while 90+ is the top end of that population there will be more of them over the years.
As for becoming “Brooklynized,” as I said, Yormark wanted to be able to show his potential boss that he’d made an effort to understand the borough.
Will I rush out and buy it day one? Certainly not, I’ve been caught up in all this hype before. Will I pick it up just after Christmas when it reaches sub-£30? Probably.
And I don't want to be an astronaut,
Fuse the frit into a flat piece of glass. I placed the glass frit into the kiln in a pot and then let the glass melt down through the pot onto the bottom of the kiln (prepared with kiln wash, of course) until the glass was flat.
Farm to Market-S. Congress
reality doesn’t state as a mind chart
He then went on to discuss how indigenous peoples all over the world had the right to resist colonisation.
Of course, that only highlights how many people in this country are not.
And as I sat there in my contemplative state, I sensed someone sit down beside me. I looked up and saw my daughter. She put her arm around me, rested her head on my shoulder, and said, "You looked as if you could use a hug!"
The Masters of Ballantrae
The patchwork pillow covers feature a quilted patchwork pieced front, a layer of cotton batting and an interior layer of muslin. The cover has an envelope style closure on the back and rounded corners and all interior seams have been finished with a serger. All covers have been pre-washed/dried to give it that crinkly quilted finish.
He pulled at his costume, a silver skeleton painted on black velvet. The wind flapped the robe against his legs, furiously. His white mask felt too tight. There was no going back, especially now.
Because as I wrote, time does heal all wounds.
*Ezra Jack Keats
That assessment came from the fact that his latest album at the time, That’s All I Need, didn’t seem to have the fire of his previous efforts. But I think I probably spoke too soon.
foreseeable future.
Oh, the separation is always painful. We freak out at the experience of something new and unfamiliar, even if it seems less painful. Well, they weren't as smooth as satin, but they were smoother, all the same. I was still freaking out, because I was afraid to let go and fall into the abyss. Indeed, it felt as if I was free-falling, when for seven months I was without a job and only received two other interviews, before landing the job that I now have. What a cruel game! It wasn't really a game. I just didn't accept the rules. Relax! Take a deep breath! You don't have to suffer, you bring suffering on, yourself!
My bird, My bird,
In other news, I went to an "authentic French bakery" near our apartment where I promptly spit my almond croissant onto the sidewalk outside. So, so bad. That one's gonna hurt.
Three articles about the book using themes like – “Local Author publishes third novel”, “Hunting and Bob, a love story”, “When love takes a Holiday – new book explores how to defeat loneliness”
This is a warning sign of trouble to come. As I’ve said before, the one to watch is Woodward’s. The clock is ticking.
Meghan Jones (quit before the National Poetry Slam)
This is kind of taking the place of my rules for getting the awards and since it has been quite a while and those bloggers that gave me the awards probably think I have forgotten about them I really haven't! I have just been busy with life and school and love, and also all my new magazine subscriptions just came in the mail and everyone has been neglected, so please forgive me.
The Lord will keep you from all evil;
1. Chemicals are HARSH
Things I've been doing/thinking/watching the past few weeks
Best Short I Love to Singa, US, Tex Avery & Popeye the Sailor Meets Sindbad the Sailor, US, Dave Fleischer (2 votes each, TIE)
"Make it your ambition to lead a quiet life, to
04 Fine Time
Paul Sullivan of Sullivan and Sons Funeral Directors said Albert "Dick" Whittamore, who died at age 85, was buried Tuesday in Dover, England, after a procession through town with signs on the hearse bearing the longtime smoker's final message.
As well as supplying books, PasTest provide online webinars and self-test materials. They also organise courses where doctors can practise making diagnoses on real patients with real ailments. PasTest’s multi-textured relationship – and multiple points of contact with their audience offers them many more ways to know and get to understand their customers’ requirements than many other publishers will ever have.
Because yes, some of them really are that bad. Once only one person walked into the bookstore during the entire signing. (On the bright side, I did sell him a book, so in that regard it was my only 100% successful signing.) Another time the bookstore obviously forgot I was coming. They'd done no advertising and just set me up in a chair in the corner of the store and ignored me. And I'll never forget the time I brought a pen with golden ink so my signature would be distinctive. It was distinctive all right. It leaked all over the books.
me (thinking for a long time): "many, yes."
The good news: the Hansen Clone informed us where the original Kerry Cassidy is being held in Venezuela. A rescue team has been sent and I hope to have good news soon.
Blue Monday
Lib Dem Danny Alexander believes that Labour may have been reluctant to do a coalition deal with the Lib Dems because they knew what was in store for an incoming government. He put it delicately:
These beauties were created with a fun punch. One punch creates all three layers. I could not help but add in these cut little butterflies; another punch. Used the butterflies on a card for my sister, but forgot to take a picture.. UGH... ﻿
This fun design by JADa Vision Store of coloring pencils creates a wonderful abstract pattern. This would be great for a school bag or just to carry your stuff around!
Congratulations, JoAnn. I have added a $25 credit to your account that you can use with your next order!
Three different assortments in this shot. All of them sweet and happy. Girly pinks, butterflies and flowers. I know these are going to work! (Don't worry...I'm not going to put them all together in the same piece!)
I would say keep your options open. Everybody has their price (he said with dripping cynicism). I would write for the love of writing. Self-publish, and if you’re very lucky, the big boys and girls will find you. Then you’ll be in the enviable position of having to decide what it’s worth to give up complete autonomy. If you self-publish first, you won’t have to wait on pins and needles for the mail to arrive – you’ll be out there, published. So if your goal is for people other than the bedridden maiden aunt living next door to read your work, do it yourself. It’s not that hard.
Mrs. Murphy series by Rita Mae Brown
Abby dropped her glass on the table with a thud. "Why are you being so weird, Dad? Whenever she came you went and got her at the airport."
If you're new to sewing, avoid topstitiching. Topstitching is just stitches that show on the outside of your garment. If you're new to sewing, your stitching lines likely won't be straight, and that will make your recon look messy. You might consider using dissapearing ink pens to mark your stitching lines and help guide you in a straight line. There are also these neat magnetic seam guides that you can buy at your local sewing store that you can stick on your machine and since it's raised, it will help you stitch a straight line.
I've been rushing through my days trying to get my mental check list done. (Something hard for me because my free spirits despises check lists) I have also been rushing in and out of His Presence in the mornings. In His grace and mercy He will not allow me to go on like this very long. He loves me. He pursues me. He literally chases me down with His goodness. So...I ended up sitting and just crying a few hours into my day. Crying because I just don't want to value anything over time alone with Him...not sleep...not more things done on my list...I don't want to take for granted that the God of the universe waits for me to wake up and spend time with me.
- Educational Certification for instructors and Trainers
It was also raining, which actually makes getting back out on the field even more fun.
Do I really get to be first? Thank you for posting the video. It took me long enough to find it on the ABC site.
But I’m no Leonardo
The Upsetters - Surplus
There are times when the right answer to a pressing question is all you need.
The first is a bit of a prequel focusing on Chime, one of the series main character's good friends who went through something of a change before The Cloud Roads opens. "Adaptation" is the story of how Chime went from being a Mentor in the Raksura community to its newest Warriors. Quite a thing when you develop wings nearly overnight. Definitely a must-read for those who have read the first book. The second is also a prequel. "The Forest Boy" is about the starring character Moon from a time when he was very young and very alone.
Have you danced in the Hoedown yet? It's a great challenge with some of the funniest digi's around. Go and have some fun, and as always, keep crafting!!
Answer: Call your regular veterinarian or local emergency/referral veterinary hospital for recommendations.
I've not joined in with WOYWW this week ... just needing to curtail activities, retrench, catch my breath, etc., but in the words immortalised by Arnie, I'll be back :)
To share someone’s grief,
patterned paper from docrafts
I have no idea why there was a plan to murder the Montague Family or who all were part of the plot/plan to murder the Montague Family, but I do know that some of my families, some other people I know, and I were part of it.
Should I delay my future success to help someone?
Ron: Besides my wife and horses, I love the movies. I go to probably 60 or 70 of them every year plus watching TCM and IFC on TV plus renting videos. (Just last night I saw “Near Dark” again, a terrific vampire movie set in the Southwest. Cowboy vampires in a van. Who wouldn’t like that?) I love to sit in a theatre with thirty or three hundred strangers. And when I’m working on something of my own, little bits of the film fly off the screen and stick to me and want to be used in the new book. A word or turn of phrase. Maybe the furniture in a living room. Maybe just a barrette in some girl’s hair. I almost never go to a movie and come out empty-handed.
and only four Saxon Armoured
The next days i didnt have any contact with this man and just acted like i was a robot. Didnt speak to anyone just did my jobs and cared for the baby.
Things are going well for Corey so far. The ship will probably leave Lithuania for Cape Canaveral later this week. We’ve been communicating by text, although I may have accidentally dialed him as his phone showed a missed call from me. We did speak by phone yesterday, but we’re trying to keep calls to a minimum because of the cost.
In reality is it possible to send someone else?
Next, we sing or say a response to a prayer from the book of Psalms which is also from the Old Testament. Then the Lector reads the second reading. The second reading is from the New Testament which is about Jesus.
Social satire is a tough category for queries because the book is not plot driven. You've added to your challenge by placing this in a fictive world. You might want to think about leaving out the proper names here and just have Chase on a tour, finding a stamp, etc. Without the proper names we can focus on the gist of the story. (although Stamphenge IS hilarious)
The film does have some redeeming features such as the good visuals up for display which do look very good when looking over the landscapes or cities (not bad for Blu-ray test). The sword fights were fun to watch but not very clever, would be a fun watch around the holidays with the family and not for anyone looking for drama or intelligence because you will not get it.
“Hi. How was your day at college?” he asked her nervously.
Pioneer Woman cowboy steak sandwiches :: apple orchard :: BWW's :: trip to ER for Ty :: apple pie :: Halloween decorating :: Bella's birthday (the big 04 says Jake :)
Adele
Born in Florida and drafted in the 8th round of the 2007 amateur draft.
Since I am not a natural-born organized person, I need routines to keep some order in my home. I have implemented routines with my children since they were babies, and they have worked wonderfully for us. Now that my children are older, routines help them keep up with homework, projects, and chores.
My card is quite unusual for me as it doesn't have a stamped or digi image but I quite liked this combination of pieces and didn't think I should add anything else.
The Lucky Lab, besides having an exceptional IPA, Superdog (I claimed it as my favorite beer to the AP, I'll stand by it), serves a limited release of single hopped IPA's, for educational purposes, I assume. They change roughly by the month, whenever the old one runs out. Right now the Lab on Quimby has a Cascade hops IPA, which I haven't tried yet.
I wasn’t always this way, of course. For years I refused to try the delicious things, even when my husband would gleefully enjoy oysters at restaurants or events. And then at a summer event at Hidden Bench a few years back, I was standing in the cool, dim light beside a massive riesling tank, watching everyone fervently enjoy freshly shucked oysters and I finally gave in and tried a Malpeque.
15 Rebecca – Daphne Du Maurier*
When I got home from the meeting, I found out that our refrigerator had died - but not before giving Handsome cause for concern over some serious smoke smells. Lucky someone was home because it was getting worse until he finally shut down the electricity to it. Looks like we're in for a change. I'll tell you all about it soon. (I hate that fridge!)
I’m so honored to be Krysta and William’s mommy. It’s truly the most amazing experience any girl could dream of. Through their eyes I’ve grown and learned so much about myself, I see the person that I want to be. Because of them, I’m a better me.
So here we are - Julia is now 20 days old. No one could have prepared me for the emotional roller coaster that is having a baby. Throw on losing Jackson, her coming early and having to stay for a week in the hospital on top of that and I was a wreck! But day by day I am getting the hang of it. Breastfeeding is getting easier and it is really nice to have that time with her. My heart hurts that Jackson isn’t here to get to know his little sister, but I also know that in my heart he is her guardian angel watching over her. I am sure that parents who have had other kids wonder if they could love their second baby as much as they love their first and I was the same. I thought to myself there is no way that I could love someone else as much as I love Jackson - but I do. The love I have for this little girl is indescribable. I am so excited for all that there is to come. Her smiles, her laugh…every single moment I am just breathing it all in.
Boyd hit the headlines in February when he admitted that two-thirds of the time he was on the mound, he was under the influence of cocaine. “Some of the best games I’ve ever pitched in the major leagues I stayed up all night; I’d say two-thirds of them,” said Boyd. “If I had went to bed, I would have won 150 ballgames. I wasn’t doing anything that other ball players weren’t doing at the time, because that’s how I learned it.”
We joked that our house is so small you could heat it with a few candles. It’s a very cozy design but still very open. Several people warned that the loft will get very hot in summer since all the hot air will get stuck by the bed. That might be a problem, perhaps mitigated with a ceiling fan or the rooftop reading nook we’re considering building.
Whilst all of the changes are going on the whole manner of your life will alter, and it will become far more interesting giving you the freedom to travel virtually anywhere you wish. You will never tire of your new found abilities, and they will make you a complete Galactic Human. You do not yet know what it is like to become free of all restraints, and that is your birthright to be returned to you once again. You will master space travel through your power of thought, and the concept of simply wishing yourself somewhere else will become quite commonplace. In fact you could be in two places at once, but that is jumping ahead when you must first experience less complicated ideas. Be sure Dear Ones, the promises made to you are not idle dreams, and it is ordained that you ascend to start a new chapter in your life. Duality has all but served its purpose where you are concerned. So please focus on the future, and allow Duality to fade away, as it is finished.
I always debate at this point after washing my hair whether I’m going to go curly or straight because this is the final chance I have before it’s too late to change my mind unless I want to wash it all over again.
Connoisseur Tasting
"The bill is anti-consumer and anti-community," advocate Ralph Nader declared. "It will mean higher prices and fewer choices for low-, moderate- and middle-income families across the nation."
Other documents released under FOI have been heavily redacted to prevent disclosure of methods for ”preventing, detecting, investigating and dealing with illegal disruption to critical energy infrastructure”.
One quote from that page: "when someone lies to someone else, it's because the person doing the lying actually does not trust the person being lied to."
This is how it all started.
“It Never Entered My Mind” Interesting version, coupled together with Erik Satie’s, “Gymnopedie No. 1″
Grill pan
I hear this song now and all I can think of is “Now he’s going to listen to that Vikki Carr record and when he comes to bed he won’t touch me” from Moonstruck. LOL
528- More shopping done
Let’s get real. 4 teams is just going to be 2 SEC teams every year with the Big Ten, Big 12 and Pac 12 fighting for 2 spots. Schools like Ohio State play easy schedules in the Big Ten (sorry, it’s an awful conference every year since the spread happened and if you would like to argue, please don’t do so to a USC fan who has seen Iowa, Ohio State, Michigan, Illinois and Penn State all in winning seasons barely compete) and they travel well so they will always get a spot. Last year, out of nowhere, the Pac 12 was probably the 2nd best conference at the top. If I give LSU and Alabama their cred, the Pac 12 had 3 teams in the AP top 6 going into the bowls when USC was too handsome to participate.
And I also pray and hope that I will keep in some sense this sense of total dependency...upon God. This accident and the events of this summer have reminded me, that though I never really was in control of my life....I wanted to be and tried to be, and to a small degree, perhaps, even might have thought that I was - at least a little :) But I know now that I am definitely not in control of my life. I cannot foresee or alter what is coming at me....I can only accept and react as God would have me to respond.
Once again, the question remains: Do we have adequate weaponry in our spiritual armory to fight this enemy?
Put the meat on the cheesed rolls and add caramelized onions and pepper. Enjoy!
The U-shaped table I sit behind, the one in O’Dell High’s media room, looks almost exactly like the one on Channel Ten News, the news station my foster parents watch. Since my foster father went to college with lead anchor, Carter Phillips, I think he feels sort of obligated to tune in. And speaking of obligated, that’s kind of how I feel today, thanks to my big mouth. I place my hand on top of the fake wood print and run my fingers over the smooth edges.
Baalzebul–the very archduke spoken of during the Army of Light’s first foray against the forces of Orcus so long ago; when Vang had received the ritualistic scar was uncertain save that it must had tied into his earliest years–prior to arrival at the orphanage. Distressed at this discovery, Vang reconvened with the others and immediately sought to send word back to Vigil and the Matron of the orphanage at distance–only to discover that the woman, long since retired, had departed heading northward from the city some seven days prior in the company of a group of robed monks. Before long it became clear: ever more answers awaited within the walls of the temple-city of Tsar.
Sharp-eyed staff recognised the distinctive trainers he'd been wearing and called police.
3 Month Update: Ignore everything I said above and just get a Wubbanub (above). I picked on up on the advice of a friend and a) it's adorable and b) it's the first 'toy' she's actually grasped and kind of played with and c) she can put it back in her mouth on her own and d) the stuffed toy part helps it stay in place. GENIUS! Although I take back the ignore everything, because I do think if your kid loves pacifiers there is something to the theory of using a bunch of different ones to avoid nipple confusion. However, Carys just doesn't really like pacifiers and only uses one maybe once a week or so. She likes chewing on the feet of the giraffe more than anything. We still have and use the other pacifiers as well, but this is our go-to that she's most likely to accept.
People pissin' on the stairs, you know they just don't care
The new (now old) OBE curriculum was first introduced to Grade 1 pupils in 1998, and subsequently to other grades over the following decade. It was a disaster from day one! The classes were simply to big for one teacher to manage effectively, but the teachers were too proud (or too afraid) to admit this, and often blamed the kids for not paying attention. The end result of this chaos was that 1000’s of young kids (mainly white pupils, who were covered by medial aid) were over-diagnosed as having symptoms of Attention Deficit-Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD). They were treated with a central-nervous-system stimulant, known as the drug Ritalin, which is almost chemically similar to cocaine, hence the reason why it is today referred to as “Kiddie Cocaine” or “Kiddie Coke”. The drug is classified by the US Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA) in the same category as cocaine and morphine. (See my previous, very short, article on this issue: Drugs R Killing our Kids, and also the more comprehensive article on the web site of Adopt a Drug Addict)
I remember my brother doing it all the time, and being really annoyed by it. I suppose I must have done it too, and been really annoying to others as well. But, well, here I am doing it to you!
I’m going Uni in september, and obviously I’m going to say I can’t wait to go. But no matter what, when me and my mum are having an argument she should never, never tell me that she can’t wait for me to leave. As if i’m going to be able to forget she said that. I wish I could leave now.
The title and authors are as follows, and perhaps they can forgive me. I don’t know how to contact them anyway. Does anybody have their contact information? Here is the title, credits, and warning:
Instead, the Baffert entourage may be toasting in the Churchill Downs’ winners’ circle on Saturday evening. It would be quite a story.
Better to play it safe. "Dagdan, take a look."
Sorcers of death's construction
In other words, cunt should be used sparingly because it’s so powerful but it can be appropriate. That seemed like a contradiction to me… Other people, more or less, said what he said: it’s a powerful and hateful word…so only use when appropriate!
Let's report our weekly fitness and improv progress on Fridays. Fitness Friday has a nice ring to it, don't you think? Feel free to post photos of your quilty goodness in the Project Improv flickr group. We'll be cruising the group to look for in progress and finished work to highlight on our blogs. Be sure to let us know this is your 'Quilter's Butt' Challenge piece!
Iva Handfull
#4. Beatrice the owl. Okay I'll admit it, I have a serious obsession with owls (and flowers). Especially vintage/cartoon owls. I had been itching to get a new tattoo one summer and decided to just go for it. I collect anything with owls on them, why not a tattoo? ;) I brought in a few pictures of owls that I found online to Dave and he mixed together different parts of each one that I loved and drew this up. She's obviously a very girly girl like me, look at the flower in her hair! I named her Beatrice, Bea for short.
Earth’s magnetic field carves out a cavity in the sun’s onrushing field. The Earth’s magnetosphere is thus ‘buffeted like a wind sock in gale force winds, fluttering back and forth in the solar wind,’ according to David Sibeck of the THEMIS project at Goddard Space Flight Center in Greenbelt, Maryland.
Six.
I know that I am not perfect. I know my writing is FAR from perfect. I KNOW that I have stories to tell. I won't let fear put a damper on my dreams of sharing my stories with others. I can't. I won't. But it is a struggle. One that I will constantly battle. But for now, I will close my eyes and take a leap of faith.
According to a 'sting in the tail' article by Linda Stewart in today's Belfast Telegraph a DOE spokesman said, "In 2011 RPS undertook a further survey and found no evidence of the bee at this location." This survey may be accurate but it can't be considered independent.
My mom spent the night with me that night, listening to my sobs. I took that entire week off of work. I cancelled a wedding, and cried on the phone with almost every vendor. I learned that my friends and family are so much more amazing than I ever could have fathomed. And a few weeks later, I moved out, began to move on and started my journey.
20 like
And what do you know? It was a draw.
I loved Johnathan Frid to the point that his cameo was the ONLY thing that would induce me to see the latest remake...maybe.
This one was a lucky find. I think it was labeled just "red typewriter" or some such, and only my obsessive investigation of all the new auctions allowed me to discover that it was our much-sought after Valentine. Not a great specimen of it at that - one ribbon spool cover was missing (giving the machine the appearance of having been caught mid-wink), and there were a few black marks on the body that we were not sure could be removed. Luckily, those buffed right out in the end.
4 1/2 out of 5 stars
My furry sidekick who literally never leaves my side! Please tell me this is normal dog behavior. If I get up to leave a room even for a moment, he follows. It drives me a little nuts!
It is fair to say after my initial disappointment and should I add horror at being given a handturn sewing machine, I find myself eating humble pie. The old lady has taught me alot already this week.
Until then, Cube Entertainment will be releasing various teasers as well as consistent updates on the girls’ progress towards the album’s release. The first teaser image will be unveiled on May 3rd via A-Pink’s official website.
Come on guys. It's idiots like you guys that give we hunters a bad name. Maybe they can take lesson from Mark Zuckerberg.
"Hurry back, the photographers are here." Abby finger-combed her hair and adjusted her collar so her medal shone in the sun.
And for some great news, I have several amazing ladies who will be posting while I am on vacay, so make sure to check back for some really fun posts! I'm hoping this vacation will leave me refreshed + inspired. Y'all have a great rest of the week!! xoxo.
Rosie xxx
Outside Natalspruit Hospital, nurses picketing at the gate were unconcerned.
Only that she is a teacher at an elementary school.
Below: BBC One’s teaser for “The Reichenbach Fall.”
Instead, I choose to look up in wonderment at the stars.
Ten years ago my Grandma Frances went home to heaven in her sleep just before Christmas.
Now that Christmas is in it's last hours .. I've already started thinking about what to paint next - large canvases! The past couple of weeks I've painted some 6x6 and 8x8 canvas, but I'm itching to paint a larger piece...so I'm breaking out my large canvases and I'm excited to see what comes of it.
Mash the cooked rice till soft and mushy,add all the other ingredients except breadcrumbs / semolina and oil and mix well.Take lemon size mixtures and flatten them like a tikki or a circular disc and dust each of them with bread crumbs or semolina and shallow fry them and serve hot with ketchup or corriander chutney.
Todd: About 10.
Are there bigger plans in the future for Cover to Cover? Do I even know what they are?
At any rate, WoW needs to work to solve this. It needs to create a four tiered approach that allows for each quadrant to have their own game. The top-end raiding is great for the time+ skill+ group. Leveling is great for the time+ skill- group. All the little 30 minute activities mentioned above are great for the time- skill- group. We need a fourth tier, though. We need an activity that’s engaging, difficult, and fun but doesn’t take four hours three nights a week. We need short raids that are based on people doing well at their classes, not, as Gevlon terms it, the dance. I don’t have time to learn the mashed potato, I can’t do the twist (look it up, young ones). My quadrant wants a game to play, too.
RR—Well, we always want answers in terms of something we can nail down, something we can identify or relate to our concepts of ourselves. But what we are may be much more profound than what we imagine it to be. And I think that’s definitely the case. I think that the reason that I’m interested in the parapolitical aspect—if we can have a culture that’s based on scientific materialism, well, what if we had a culture that was based on weird shit?
We know from the Word of God, the Bible, that:
Of course we couldn't settle on just one noodle dish from just one of the shops in the cafeteria like dining room, so we ordered veggie Chow Mein, and fried chicken dumplings, and a whole host of fried treats from the Bangladeshi restaurant in the counter to the left, and Mango Lassis (Tom never had Lassi before either!) and some salty miso soup, AND, to top it off, the strangest pink-gel drink I have ever before had in my life, on the house!
Moon glanced back to see her been dragged away and out of sight. The whippet knew that something was wrong...but he couldn't stop now. Stella had wanted him to run, she was watching his back and he was in her heart.... she had told him!
In terms of modes you have the standard arcade ladder mode. If you choose to use an official tag team then you run through their story about going after the mysterious Pandora’s box which crashed in the antarctic, you’ll also have a rival match and get a team specific ending. If you choose a random team then you’ll just get a generic ending, but it’s nice to see that the endings are done in CG in the same style as the CG trailers and for the most part the endings are pretty fun. Naturally versus mode is where you’ll spend the most amount of time, and playing against a human opponent is the most fun. Street Fighter X Tekken also offers 2 vs 2 co-op which has each player control one character at a time and this is where the fun-factor really kicks up, as having to coordinate with a partner is really intense and pretty rewarding. You can even choose to be a scumbag teammate and the game is still a lot of fun. Scramble Mode is a Super Smash Bros-like party mode, which has all 4 characters on-screen at once(still as teams), battling it out and the insanity really kicks up in this mode. While it may not be the most balanced of modes, it’s still really effective as a fun party mode.
It's been such an amazing adventurous journey for me on so many levels. My common sense knows all good things must come to an end. After all, “Nothing is permanent.”
*1 tsp vanilla extract
4. I am now a vegetarian.
- Theme: Cloud (It may not the main theme, but indicate dear cloud in it)
Excuse me,I have to turn off the router,switch off the connection until further notice.You know where to find me.Aristotelous Square.
If you're not a fan of either, perhaps you're someone who enjoys the "Now with..." type of update, as shown on the above Jody Davis card.
Focusing on the negative is counterproductive. When we concentrate on what’s wrong, it becomes the only thing you can see. Negative thoughts that hold us back: I can’t, I won’t, I’m not good enough Positive thoughts help us make positive choices – replace the negatives with positives like: I can, I’ll try, I’m able to do this.
This is something that game designers have understood a long time ago. They throw challenges at players that educators can only dream about. And players overcome them. Game designers create difficult circumstances based on clever insights like risk versus reward, or team effort.
6. When it comes to your creative endeavors (writing, drawing, singing, cooking, whatever!), what is your best source of inspiration?
Ji-Hyun Hong : Punk with oriental taste. But it's hard to describe. The best way to introduce us is, come out and see our show.
We visited the workshop of a pottery store, where the two of them acquired first-hand experience in making shīsā! After choosing a favorite bisque shīsā, they each decorated the pottery with their favorite colors. They were supposed to use HiroC and OnoD’s jumpsuits as a template and paint the shīsā corresponding yellows and blues, but in the end, as you can see, the shīsā were decked out in these mysterious metallic colors…
When Nyamare died all his property was taken by Mutandagavi for himself. He did not share with the sons of Chaitezvi. Chidziva and Chinamaringa complained about this and also opposed his succession to the chieftainship, saying that he was a bad man, as he did not want a person to pass through his home during the night because he thought that they were witchdoctors. When he saw a man passing through his home he used to ask his children to kill him.
I became a Calder fan back when I was 11 years old. I had a wonderful art teacher — Miss Sappington — who ignited in me a lifetime love of art, especially impressionist, contemporary African America and modern. She was a Calder fan, and passed that love to me. The Hart Senate Office Building in Washington, D.C., has a lovely Calder hanging in it. Enjoy!
He obviously hadn’t met very many Pyrenean Mountain Dogs! As I munched on my treat, I planned how I was going to train him to hand over the whole biscuit straightaway in future.
The first question has to be: how many pairs of marigolds do you get through a year, on average?
I will contact you with the next two images when they are ready. :)
Spray two 5 x 7 bread tins with pam. Line parchment paper in each tin. Spoon batter equally into both tins. Bake 350 degrees 50 minutes (in my oven)
“Daughter of Smoke and Bone,” Laini Taylor (Little, Brown Books for Young Readers; Hodder & Stoughton)
Simón Bolívar has no direct descendants. His bloodline lives on through his sister Juana Bolívar y Palacios who married Dionisio Palacios y Blanco (Simón and Juana’s maternal uncle) and had two children: Guillermo and Benigna.
Once the floor tiles were all in place, we were able to move the appliances into their proper “homes” in the kitchen and free up much-needed floor space where they had resided after being delivered earlier than we were ready for them. I cannot express how wonderful it was to hook up the water line to the refrigerator and plug it in. The hum of an operating refrigerator was one of the best sounds in the world. We could finally keep food at the house because we could refrigerate it. And we had filtered and chilled water on tap! I never thought I would appreciate having a refrigerator so much. I was (and still am) reminded of how blessed I am to live where I can have this amazing luxury.
I made all the arrangements with the riding school and the day came around. Her friend had ridden before but several years ago and for several more years than SOC and so had outgrown all her gear. Her mum had spoken to friends and relatives and come up with boots, gloves, whip, boots and a hat for the day. The hat didn't contain the sticker for the correct BS standard and so could not be used in the school but one was borrowed and everything was OK.
The best new reality show of 2010 return for a second season that managed to capture the spirit of the first season and introduce us to a whole new range of artists for us to both love and loathe. Reality competitions are a dime a dozen (like Platinum Hit this is modeled after Bravo’s Top Chef/Project Runway franchises) but finding a subject that makes for interesting visual storytelling as well as provides a wide assortment of contestants to draw from is a lot rarer. Artists makes for surprisingly great reality show contestants because they rarely hide their emotions away (or if they do they’re quickly booted from the show) and while the idea of watching somebody complete a piece of art based on an arbitrary topic and with a deadline would seem to go against the whole idea of what ‘art’ stands for, Work Of Art instead gives the viewer great insight into the creative process whilst also giving us a damn fine reality competition. Not only that, but what other show on television would ever feature a contestant named The Sucklord.
Cricut: Kate's ABC's (book, lists) cut at 1.25-inches and Martha Stewart All Occasion Cake Art (A, Of) cut at 1-inch
Expect many tales & photos on our return.
We all love Special K! ;D
Eight months have passed and we have seen tremendous growth in Ryan. The tantrums are now minimal and much easier to deal with. He used to reach his "point of no return" as we call it, several times a day. Now, it's down to once a week. We still have moments, every day, but we are able to bring Ryan back down much easier, before he reaches this point. Kate comes to our house once a week and works with me on Ryan's behaviors and how to help him cope easier. We use picture schedules and try to redirect him.
*Giveaway/ Sponsor posts are typically reserved for the first month of a first time sponsor's ad run.
That’s it! Contest runs today, October 14th thru Monday October 24th at 10:00 pm Pacific. I will announce the winners on Tuesday October 25th, both here and on Facebook.
And the other thing about followers is that like a lot of people I would rather have just a few that actually read it, left an occasional comment and participated then thousands that are just pictures on the sidebar. Sometimes a new one appears, leaves a comment with a URL inviting me (a middle aged sarcastic bitch) to follow their blog that's about either computer games or being a "mommy" (they clearly never read my posts about Son). Or my pet hate, endless pictures of idiots falling off skateboards/writing on drunk people/dribbling babies, all stolen from other sites and music videos from bands I have never heard of, but no actual written content although they do have 25 adsense banners.
Everything including our relationship has been better since we moved, I just hope that we do not sink back to our old selves.
I urged her to press harder on my golden spot which did immediately. As she did the pulsing of my gland deep inside me under her thumb intensified and the pleasure that was growing did with it. I felt the pressure of growing arousal in my perineum. I focused my thoughts on the pleasure and tried to clear everything else out of my mind. I had the uncontrollable urge to thrust my pelvis up. When I did I clenched my anus and held myself a few inches off of the pillows between her thighs. The response was immediate. I did it slowly a few more times. The intensity of the pulsing and thumping inside of me and in my cockhead doubled as I squeezed my prostate with the muscles inside of me, it caught me by surprise; so much so that temporarily I was immobilized and the urge to hold my breath and feel the pleasure seized me.
The scout’s eyes lit up. Even though they were well supplied back at the FEMA camp, food had been in short supply during their foray into the swamp.
Thank you as always for your love, support, and prayers.
“The more I learned about it, the more fascinated I became,” he continued. “Number one, my thesis was exactly right, this revolt had been covered up for almost 200 years by very powerful people with very strong interests in keeping this secret. As soon as I found that out, I got even more excited.”… -
Van Raighan’s footsteps were like a feather falling on linen, only audible because there was nothing else to hear. This time, Rel managed to keep count, edging ever-so-slowly around the pillar, keeping it between him and the thief. The other guardsmen did likewise. Then there was a series of grunts and muffled curses, and it was time to move.
Now, let me explain something else that makes me want to throw things at my beautiful child. He will say, "I 'ove Yaya" (I love Dada)...and he will say, "Yaya 'oves 'e!" (Dada loves me!). However, despite the fact that I tell him SEVERAL times a day, whenever I tell him OR Matt "I love you" Brent immediately interrupts to correct me and spats, "No! Mama 'oves Pat!" (No! Mama loves Pat!)
The family was large,
The message here was clear: professors willing to provide data--even if that data is accurate--that challenges Holloway's worldview will face ill-concealed accusations of racism.
But what’s a good age? 60?
15. Pulling porcupine quills out of your dumbass dogs still sucks.
Wow, what a view! Notice the window frames are a permanent teal blue color and that also needed to be taken into consideration. The angle of the window was another interesting feature and because she doesn't plan on staying there indefinitely, we decided on custom drapes that frame the window on both sides that can be taken with her when she moves. So here is one of the design boards I presented to her and with some tweaking, she has moved ahead with her apartment. Can't wait to see the final results!
Remove semi-cooked chicken parts to a large platter after they have browned on both sides. They will be returned to the frying pan to finish cooking after other ingredients have been added.
Another tragedy. What is it with the world these days? A man sets off a car bomb in Oslo outside the Norwegian Prime Minister's office, and then goes to a summer camp - where friends of the Prime Minister were in attendance - disguised as a police officer, and guns down 68 people.
Congrats! And I have to ask...does Savannah mind being the only child whose name doesn't end in a "N" sound?
Have a great National Night Out! Have fun and stay safe!
The band’s management posted a lengthy statement on the Beastie Boys website:
didn’t make it through IEDs.
doubt that KEADILAN and the wider Pakatan Rakyat have the resolve and
There is the unusual dual menu that customers have come to expect - sushi and European dishes with Japanese influence, but there's also special menus created around a theme, a main ingredient - rotating each year.
We were going to play again today, but it seems as though the weather has stepped in to see if we're up to bowling in a force 8 gale like true bowlers. The answer is a resounding no. I just have to hope that my bowls season wasn't over in one short day.
Do you remember my Halloween Silhouettes post? Well, I decided to make a different one, only with Tinkerbell. I have always loved Tinkerbell, and I'm kinda passing that love onto my daughter. So I made her a Tinkerbell Silhouette for Christmas. I had a few 12x12 boards left over, so I painted on pink, cut the foam to 3x3, and mod podged some green polka dot paper onto it. I used a light purple vinyl for the pictures. I did Tinkerbell and the other fairies that are on the cricut cartridge that I have. To fill in the other ones, I did a butterfly, a flower, one of the homes of the fairies (looks like another flower), and a mushroom.
I made the jump a full cross rail of about 2'3" and he kept jumping it until he got tired. We cuddled a bit while he caught his breath. (Most personable horse ever!) I was so pleased with what I saw out of him and his desire, so I figured that was enough for the day.
Creative grandparents actively look for ways to be involved in the lives of their grandchildren, and enter their world, wherever and whenever allowed or invited. Creative grandparents know the interests and passions of their grand- children and share their own with them. They are open to learning from their grandchildren and trying new things together. Creative grandparents are grateful for each opportunity to include them in their plans, but also allow them to say no to their invitations, without feeling personally rejected.
As I will say in the next post, Singer points out that one of the economic miracles of Israel is that it has created a vibrant high-tech economy even without waiting for the benefits of peace. A sustainable peace with its Arab citizens, with Palestinians who will be living in a separate Palestine (I still don’t see viable alternatives to the two state solution.) and with its Arab neighbors will obviously make economic progress even more vibrant.
You excuse yourself to go to the bathroom, located towards the back of the bar. You find a rear exit and leave. Without any goodbyes. You walk home, to the house occupied by the wife you adore, now sleeping.
What do you have planned for the Summer?
This video was posted online to The Quilt Show blog. Even if you don't sew, quilt, or create in some media, this video is amazing to watch. The pouring paint colors provide such a work of art. I love just seeing the pattern it forms with each additional color.
And now it's a great spot for riding. I got a small group of friends together yesterday and did a 30-mile loop through Chileno Valley and back along Spring Hill. (And yes, the hills are just as bad -- if not slightly worse -- on a bike. At one point, I really wanted to get off and walk, but I was worried that if I stopped, I'd topple over into the road and get hit by a car. So I just kept pedaling. And grunting. And pedaling.)
Prison warden: Goo do you have any final words before we hang you by your lying scrawny little neck?
There was this queue, and I was so blur that I didn't even realised people were all queueing up to get an autograph signed book from Chef Tyler Florence. By the time I went to queue up, I was told by one of the staff from Alexia and I quote after her "Sorry Miss! Am afraid the queue up to the line has ended". Do you know, to hear that remark and she couldn't even make an exception for me since I did fly half way across the world to attend this event was really heartbreaking and painful to my ears. What a bummer right? I could feel my eyes tearing up, but I remained calm and composed and walked away like any lady would. So I told myself in my mind, okay it's just Chef Tyler Florence, but who am I kidding right?
Minute to Win It
But today I found myself giggling at random (which has been VERY rare this winter) and thought I'd share one of the sources of the giggles....
She flirts
In recent months, Secretary Enrique Ona of the Department of Health has announced to media its intention to include Rotavirus Vaccination as part of the Expanded Program for Immunization (EPI) in 2012. This is aligned to P-Noy Administration’s direction and goal of Universal Health Care and moves the Philippines forward to achieving Millennium Development Goal (Reduce Child mortality) by 2015.
Martin booked the tickets for him and his girls to visit mid-June. We are attending a family party in Vegas over the weekend of their visit where they will meet my entire extended family and Martin will see my mom and sisters for the first time since the big brouhaha.
Digger Dave also reckons a dodgy bloke in a Catford pub once threatened to shoot all the members of The Greatest Show on Legs after seeing their “Scotsman striptease” (I’m not quite sure which routine that is, but I’m open to enlightenment.)
I feel very at ease with research work, and can work hard and relentlessly at it, since it does not require me to encounter people. It is truly my vocational element. If I had to spend a tenth of my time dealing with those of immature minds, working over things at the level of emotional issues, I would not have even a quarter of my current amount of energy left, to devote to research work. For the same reason, I have difficulties (in terms of energy allocation) in dealing with Western consumers — who are generally very emotional — and their issues. I automatically dismiss emotional content that does not promise an intellectual harvest, which I can find enjoyment in. I cannot process that kind of material as if it were real, in the true sense of what is real to me, since consumer complaints just seem to be a short-circuiting of reality, rather than pointing to a reality that is greater than themselves (ie. outside of themselves), and therefore such complaints don’t seem to interest me.
The professor insists that the boy come to his house from school and spend the rest of the day, eating dinner together. Each day the boy arrives he must be identified and explained all over again. He is invariably greeted with a hug. The bond between them grows, based on the professor’s love of numbers, which he teaches to the boy, and baseball. Since the baseball season and players are frozen in 1975 in the professor’s mind, discussions must be censored for later references. They do it, becoming an assembled family in which the elderly man is the grandfather, joining with the mother and son. No spoilers here. Read this book for the story of a rare confluence of three otherwise rather ordinary human beings.
Was there risk? A little bit. But it was so worth it. Risk means that things will go wrong occasionally - that's life. It involves risk. Every time you do anything original or creative you take a risk. If you let young people have adventures they will sometimes get hurt, sometimes even get killed. But very, very rarely in the UK. We are so lucky that adventures here are relatively safe. And we ought to be letting our young people have them, however painful it is for us parents.
You are the prettiest girl
Unfortunately, however, one of the parallels with our past is that failed policies are sometimes intensified rather than abandoned. This happened with the pass laws, for example, before PW Botha finally repealed them in 1986. It may also happen now with the Employment Equity Act, with its provisions for heavier fines to enforce racial quotas upon all employers - when the Government cannot even get Denel, or Eskom, or SAA, or Transnet to meet its racial targets at management or skilled levels.
Will insisted that we needed to add glitter to the seaweed as his teacher would absolutely love it if we did, (a women after my own heart LOL!) so here he is with my quickie glue pen, drawing on lines for adding his next lot of glitter.
our dads could build a house together (lol)
What's your schedule looking like this season?
We enjoy the partnership aspect. We have each other when things are great and going well, and have each other when they go wrong. It's also really helpful to have another person you really trust to give a second opinion. And frankly, we just enjoy hanging out with each other. We are lucky that way.
If all goes well I'll head into 2013 with a meal plan, a compost pile, and a shopping list! And some nice fresh wheatgrass, of course.
I also think all the time we've been spending outside in this gorgeous weather has probably helped him be a bit more tuckered out as well.
Jackie Sayegh Duggan, 34
A bit stale for a Laser Cats effort. But I’m a sucker for purposefully half-assed references like “Catch Me If You Can The Terminal.” B
He is just another problem in this world that cannot be solved.
I do wonder, though, if there is cause for concern. What will their future significant others think? Will they find the wrapping skill masterful or seriously lacking? If the latter, I hold my husband accountable. It’s only natural. After all, he had more occasions to teach them how to wrap gifts with my birthday and Mother’s Day over the last 15 or so years.
Hat Vine:
I turned and shifted back into my car. My body started to buzz. The door opened and a tall, slinky man with thin hair and a leather jacket came out with a gun pointed at the spot where I just escaped. He looked around, even walked a few feet up and down the street before he went back inside.
God…does…do
All this clears the way for Governor Perry to ask the Board of Pardons and Parole for a pardon recommendation for Timothy Cole, who was falsely convicted of rape and died in prison before DNA cleared his name last year. Cole's family has been adamant demanding the Governor pardon their departed relative, and with this opinion I see no reason that process wouldn't proceed.
Dermot; Simon Bestwick (Black Static)
I've decided to change my drawing style. My drawing stucks when it needs perspective. So I searched for old masters, what did they do or which style they used. Not surprised of course, they was using a style named "Gesture" I was know that but I wasn't know what gesture for. At the begining; I didn't need something like that. But now I'm thinking it's the only way to reach exactly what I need. I started to search and study about it by monday. I wasn't able to draw gesture drawing so it didn't work for me but I believe it will!
Options for these pancakes:
I asked if you remembered me writing you a letter for your seventh birthday, and you encouraged me to do it again. Your own writing has really blossomed this year, and I think you see already see the value in me doing this for you. When asked to write a letter to your new teachers about your summer vacation, you wrote on for several pages. I'd like to think you get that from me.
It’s 3 a.m.?!? Face, pillow: Splat.
I was the final note in a quartet of children. The 'baby' of the family, I had my way. I was spoiled, rotten, my siblings would tell you. My mother despaired for me. "How will you ever get by in life if you always do it your way?" she would ask. "Why can't you just listen to me?" she would plead. "Why can't you be like the others?"
So, where is all of this leading?
And see we've been deceived.
She saw through what you sought to sow
I have a busier week coming up next week and I can't wait to tell you all about what I did.
We're on holidays and so we're keeping it loose for the next couple of weeks. The order of things may change as the week progresses but for now here we go!
Soon this blog will carry a warning, ‘You are about to be monitored for reading this blog.
After just a few minutes of Googling, followed by some hurried IMs with a guy calling himself "Brother SelloutImust," we discovered the real cause of the fire: one monk (we’ll call him “Wholier Then Thou”) reneged on a deal he signed with the Devil back in July of 1987 for... yup, you guessed it - his soul. Details of their back room deal are sketchy, but Brother SelloutImust swears (profusely) that it involved pole dancers, fruit roll ups, and a clown suit.
lingering within - I should let my eyes stay shut
so pretty in the waning days of summer
While Crone energy can help us make changes,
conflict; one of the plot points is a Cain & Abel-type situation between Callie’s father, Will, and his brother. Other family members and townsfolk make themselves known, as well, and not always for the better. Every character, though, is dear to me. But at the heart of Delicate Armor is this strong bond between Callie and her father, which greatly influences her formation as she comes of age and helps to prepare her for the inevitable losses she must face.
4 period
Crushed windfalls decaying in dead leaves.
‘The mistake is to make of God either an explanatory God of the gaps or a useful hypothesis to explain the origin of the universe. But we are now returning to the simple and essentially biblically truth that God does not serve any outside purpose.’
However, the day got really exciting when we went on a long-awaited date. Nothing out of the ordinary, and NOTHING like our honeymoon but still fun.
Me: "Uh, this is...Elizabeth."*
For I already had a career. I taught, and still teach, social studies at a junior high school, and during the summers, my husband and I have been building a modest cabin in the Rocky Mountains of Colorado. A full life. A happy life. A life with some bloody down time!
And then I rewatch the vids to ensure that everything is ok.. pacing, spelling, grammar, punctuation…… I think I can practically memorize the clips alweadi, haha
Now, if you’ll excuse me, I’ve got some grocery shopping to do.
* You will be a part of a fantastic, friendly team.
I was working in my office concentrating on the task at hand. Turning to look outside I suddenly discovered that I had a large smudge on my left lens. “How did I miss that?” I wondered. Taking my lens wipes out from the drawer, I diligently cleaned both lenses, looked through my glasses and saw clearly for the first time this morning.
I fell on top of a table,
To enable me contribute to the debate effectively, I will first start by giving an analogy. A country can be thought of as a large farm. For argument sake, let us assume that Kenya was a 100 million hectares farm that produced nothing but tomatoes. Let us also assume that half of this land i.e. 50 million hectares was under use and could produce 2 million kilograms of tomatoes. If that is all the country produced year in, year out, then we would all soon realize that we cannot live a life of joy and happiness by only growing and consuming tomatoes. Life would be better off if some other people dedicated themselves to producing things other than tomatoes. Let us for simplicity sake assume that we decided to split the use of the productive 50 million hectares into two different uses. One half i.e. 25 million hectares is used to produce 1 million kilograms of tomatoes and the other 25 million hectares is used to produce 1 million kilograms of onions. Life would be improved now that we have the option of consuming a mix of tomatoes and onions. Then let us now assume that rather than people carrying tomatoes and onions physically to trade every time, we introduce stamps to represent the real produce of the economy. In this case, we produce 1 million tomato stamps and 1 million onion stamps. If in the next year, we are able to produce 2 million tomatoes and 2 million onions, it means that the number of stamps in the economy would have to grow to meet real production. And then don’t literally think stamps, think currency notes and coins. By extension, it means that the more real produce an economy churns out, the more the wealth of a country.
I don't see that coming, and it's got nothing to do with session beer. When demand continues to be high -- and everyone knows that craft beer sales are still up, and growing -- and price increases seem to have no effect on it, let alone any effect from the worst economy in 70 years...I don't see anyone dropping prices. And piss you off or not, higher prices reassure the craft novice that this stuff really is good. After all, like I said: you don't think a case of Corona costs $28 because of cost of materials, do you? Price is part of the marketing equation, and it works. It's not lucky for those of us who already know the stuff is good, but there you are.
Rum balls are pretty easy to make, and one of those things I associate with Christmas. I use whatever I happen to have on hand. It can be day old cake, cookies... various nuts, such as pecans, walnuts, coconut or hazelnuts.. cocoa powder or chocolate.. bourbon, if you don't care for rum. The rum and melted butter binds everything together, and those amounts can vary depending on the moisture content of the cake or cookie crumbs. I rarely add sugar because the mixture usually already seems sweet enough to me. If I were to add any, I would probably use icing sugar for these.
We can see historically that the patriarchal family (both in its pre-capitalist and capitalist forms) is a compost heap that gives root to the authoritarian psychology that can be manipulated and turned against a revolutionary working class. In Aotearoa this has a long history as petty-bourgeois and farming families facing the disorder of the frontier, the land wars, and the volatility of agriculture have often been used (by reactionary politicians, etc) to whip up fear and repression of both Maori Whanau and iwi such as Parihaka and Tuhoe and working class families during periods of class struggle.
What if they can’t meet the minimum standards of hours per repair order…or dollars per repair order…
This free workshop aims to share and discuss research in progress and is being jointly organised by the LLAS Centre for Languages, Linguistics and Area Studies and SCILT, Scotland’s National Centre for Languages.
Fraser then quotes from an Atos Origin Medical Services meeting in 2004 which sets out just how the dogma that underpins the “biopsychosocial model” is being authoritatively promulgated, and he notes “the convenient fictions and lack of logic those responsible would…refuse to tolerate if applied to their own family and friends”.
"Lone Star" Houston Astros & Texas Rangers - (Daniel - Paid)
We did get some help in the form of food/cooking oil from Ethiopian Red Cross, but no compensation for the destroyed properties. Eventually things calmed down, and people were asked to re-settle, to go back to the village. Some people did return, but majority of them left the area altogether. My family decided to stay in the small town, though financially we had a hard time; we literally had almost nothing as most of what my parents owned was left behind. At least we were alive because some people had perished in the cover of darkness.
And she just might listen.
Whoever controls the energy (and food), also controls the political
Well at the time, I didn't know who "Judith Leiber" was or what this pretty little items cost. I learned quickly how amazing each piece was made and I fell head over heals in love with her pieces of sparkly prettiness. I don't own any of her pretty items, but I wish I did! Here I am feature a few of her "art deco" inspired pieces. I seriously wish I owned one of them!!
EH: You’re a published author now. How hard was it to get where you are?
AMDEV's survey evidence missed the mark because it failed to test whether ZERO is a source indicator. Coke's rebuttal survey validated the significance of the sales and advertising figures. Coke's expert found that 61% of respondents "perceive" that ZERO is associated with only one company (as compared to 6% for the word DIET).
If you like to read and you like to cook, this event is perfectly tailored for you. Simona is looking forward to learning about a published literary work (a novel, novella, short story, memoir, bio, poem) that provided you with inspiration to prepare something in the kitchen.
If midway through the movie hasn’t scared you enough to avoid Shamu at Seaworld, then the ending will. SPOILER: Moby cruises onto land and is able to jump over a mountain. Here we thought we’re safe on land, but we’re not!!!
The visual art of this feminine craft relates directly in one way or another to attracting a mate and marriage. Males are the traditional clients and purchasers and receivers of these bead-works, and they wear them to show involvement with women whom they are courting.
They said the accident had happened ten minutes earlier.
They finish at 6 inches so it's going to take me a while to get a large enough quilt for the guest room..
Following that I did some rough brushing and then dry brushing with an off white and gun metal to give it that "lived in" look. The block work was actually scribed in, I'm going to put more effort into the next one. About 8 more of these to go!
1 T honey
One morning, I read the scripture verse above. As I did, I felt a peace that can
Today, let’s look at the right way.
....and here's the winner...
Women AREN’T “defined by their genitalia”. Only men like yourself frame females that way. Females are defined by their genetic sex, and women are adult females. Adult HUMAN females. No human is defined by their genitalia, because they are human beings. A male such as yourself is by definition NOT female, because of your Y chromosome, your sperm producing testes and your male biology. Males are NEVER female. That doesn’t mean your male genitalia defines you. It is simply a fact of your biological reality. Truly, when males who wish they were female invoke the trope of “females being defined by their genitalia” they are trying to colonize and reverse feminist messages against sex-based stereotypes and sex-roles by inferring that actual biological sex reality doesn’t exist. And that’s just silly. Because humans are a sexually dimorphic species, and all your willing that to go away because for whatever reason you wish you were female, is just silly. You take a feminist meme of “women are more than just our reproductive systems, we are full human beings” and you attempt to upend it into “there is no such thing as a female”. Well hon, no one is buying that except you. Sowwy. Females actually DO exist! WITH our genitals! Or even with them (god forbid) missing for some reason. We are still female, and we are still fully HUMAN, ergo, MORE than just our reproductive capacity. It’s actually an expression of male aggression and sexism to imply that IF our female sexed reality EXISTS than we are SIMPLY GENITALS and LESS than human. See how that works? Probably not, because I don’t think you give a FLYING FUCK about anything but your own entitlement to females, and anything you think females can do for you.
Sometimes, voicemail can be a blessing. Other times, it only delays the inevitable.
SAVE ME
“I dunno,” Connor replied. He opened the door and climbed out, wincing as the car alarm next to him continued to screech. The vehicle’s owner ran out of the restaurant, aimed his key ring, and shut it up.
6’55 Down
Jamun Dip
Do you want to learn how to lead youth and volunteers in doing social change?
So what if I am wrong? Am I willing to look foolish for God? Am I willing to take a chance that God did speak to me? And that He really does want to do what He said He will do? Is the hold up my lack of faith?
Even though I was a sticky mess, I remembered to add Wilton sprinkles
I got an email first thing this morning that said there is an envelope in the 2nd drawer, left side of the desk and it belongs to his daughter, can I please send it to her as it is her educational documents.
John 3:36 “Whoever believes in the Son has eternal life, but whoever rejects the Son will not see life, for God’s wrath remains on him.”
6) Bake in preheated oven at 160C for about 50 to 55 minutes. Test with skewer (reduced time for cupcakes, about 35 to 40 minutes).
Since this usually happens in the morning I always end up freaking out more than I should. My brain isn’t working quite right yet. Feelings are a little distorted at that time of the day. There are still occasions where this has happened during the day, when I’m more than awake, but these are quite rare. It usually involves me mistakenly chewing on a fork or something.
I told her Harold would meet her right away, done deal, and hung up.
I don't understand why. Why, if other countries in Europe manage to have decent health and transport infrastructure, can't the UK manage it? Why do people in the UK have to pay so much to use shoddy train services? Why do so many people have to go private to get decent healthcare? Why does the head of the Royal College of Midwives have to begrudge women getting excited about ultrasound scans, instead of focussing on sorting out the chronic shortage of qualified staff?
Verse fourteen gives us the result of this parable.
he glides past alleys and windows
With no agenda for the afternoon in Cebu City, road trip buddy Ki and I decide to hop on a southbound Ceres bus. As is my wont, I get a shut-eye as the bus cruises out of the city. I open my eyes momentarily, barely catching a glimpse of the famous Carcar rotunda. Hours later, I fully awaken to the enchanting blue of Bohol Strait glistening in the sunlight. The bus is now tracing the coastline of Cebu Island. But we can see the end of the sunny afternoon further south. A compact column of clouds blurs the horizon. It is dumping rain on Bohol, the island next door.
They transfer other peoples’ taxes to fellow Kleptocrats in the Third World under the guise of helping the starving or poor but make no effort to ensure that needy people get the aid.
I am still angry at myself for missing Gomorra at the Chicago International Film Festival.
Crumbs
It was a beautiful day here today so Kevin and I took advantage of the nice weather and headed downtown. We did a little shopping and had lunch outside. In November. In Massachusetts. It was amazing.
I made good use of the transparency sheets, printing the stamps onto them to layer over the papers.
- My husbands bosses wife (better known as Kim Possible one of my favorite cartoon characters) single handily made and coached me with a flower bed in front of the house, knowing I am a severely dysfunctional gardener.....
To the place where I cleared my head of you;
I am running for The Lymphoma Association which provides help and support for those who are diagnosed with the disease, and their families. If you would like to sponsor me you can visit my page here.
"I'm very pleased to announce that my agent, Caitlin Blasdell of Liza Dawson Associates, has negotiated a new deal with Ace, an imprint of Penguin Group (USA), for three books to be published in North America in 2012—2014. (This follows next year's forthcoming title, "Rule 34", which is due out in July.)
I have new subscribers! *waves* Do you know what this means? It’s not just friends I know anymore! Does that mean I have to start watching what I say? Bah, I never do anyways.
-Steven Wright
We worked on plot today. This is a reteach time, in preparation for the Reading STAAR, and most of my students remembered the lesson we had months ago. We talk about plot all the time, but maybe I don't use the term "plot" enough. That is definitely something I need to work on...the technical language. That's sometimes difficult with ELLs.
I spent all of my childhood and teen years trying to look good enough. To lose the ten or twenty pounds or whatever amount it was that she thought I needed to lose. Tuck my shirt in the way she wanted. Wear the shade of lip gloss she chose for me.
fountain. Thou hast also washed us in the waters of regeneration, and given
He initially determined that he would find a cure for cancer, but he soon found that that was not sufficient. He had to find a way to eradicate all disease, anything that could threaten to take his daughter, his second great love, away from him.
My trick is that I don’t just plan for a week at a time - I do it a month ahead.
I thought I'd update you all in case I go into labor before Friday! We're soooo close to meeting lil man!!!
Knowing many people have to take a packed lunch when they travel to their nearest IKEA (ie. it's a looong way) I can hardly complain about the 40 minute drive though it would be nice to have an IKEA just around the corner from home (then again, no matter what, a trip to IKEA always seems to leave me with a much lighter wallet than intended so maybe it's a good thing!).
I remember you looked at me and said “you are beautiful girl but you are mean. You are getting me in trouble.” All I have to say to you my dear is that in fact YOU got YOURSELF in trouble =)
I sent them several of my city maps and I'm not sure exactly which one was featured, but I can't wait to find out! I'll also be featured on their website and in their Etsy profile as a featured seller. The holiday catalog hits stores October 4th... I'll be anxiously/excitedly/impatiently waiting until then to get my copy! And of course, I'll post everything to the blog once it's in my hands.
Jack White’s solo debut is an eclectic mix of styles, a clear example of White giving himself the room to play around and try new things from one track to another. Blaring, bluesy guitars reminiscent of his work with The White Stripes are prevalent on “Sixteen Saltines,” but the rest of the album is much more low-key, featuring more piano than anything else to accompany White’s soulful vocals. This is White flexing his musical muscles and demonstrating what may or may not be the full range of what he’s capable of. That alone should make it worth a listen.
Are you sure that’s you?
There's something I should tell you now
Birth has never been safer, for mother or baby, than it is in this country today. As rates of caseareans increase, and rates of complications related to placental implantation increase, new life-threatening risks will arise for those women. The midwife's challenge, to work in harmony with natural physiological processes, is as real and as important today as it has ever been.
I do not believe in censorship but the cultural minister, as a woman and a person who is supposed to support the enrichment of humanity through the arts, should be ashamed of her behavior. Her job demanded that she not take the knife, that she not slice the chocolate woman and say, "Wait, this is wrong." Or "What is he trying to tell us?"
In addition to exploring Brooklyn’s evolving history, the exhibit looked at Brooklyn’s image and how it’s been reflected in the media. Acknowledging the borough’s most iconic elements, such as Brooklyn Bridge, Coney Island and the Dodgers, the students also chose to display movie posters of films shot in the borough, such as Moonstruck, It Happened in Brooklyn and Saturday Night Fever. There was also a video montage of movies and TV shows that depict the borough, as well as life-size cardboard cutouts of the characters Ralph Cramden and Ed Norton from the popular 1950s TV series, “The Honeymooners,” which was set in Bensonhurst.
Guardian newspaper accused of tampering with Clicogate column.
In Jesus’ death he plunged depths I’ll never experience in this world – I can’t imagine the suffering he endured on the cross & he went through hell itself while his body lay in the grave. After his resurrection, Jesus was lifted higher than anything I will know in this life as he was lifted into heaven. Still he comes to us to give us his strength by connecting with us through faith. Even though we might get knocked around by the world in which we live, he remains steadfast & strong as he promises to never leave us or forsake us (Deuteronomy 31:8). Through faith, the strength that gave the man from Acts 3 the ability to jump with joy can also be ours when we are knocked off our feet, robbed of our strength & crippled one way or another.
Don’t have to wait for YEARS for your book to hit the selves.
Growing up, I was all about the stuffed animal toy. Bears, koalas, baby seals, Hello Kitty...all types of plush toys and never a doll. I know some of you LOVE dolls and may think bundt is cute, but it was totally frightening for me to make. So scary, I knew I couldn't do it alone! I invited my friend JustJenn over for moral and piping support.
Creme said nothing as she dismounted, in a much more clumsy fashion than Brulee would do, even with the Draenei’s funny legs. She tried to emulate the motion, but as she did not have stirrups when riding on the same horse as her mentor, she could not brace her foot while slinging her other leg over. The best she could manage was gently sliding/falling over to one side, clinging to the horses neck for dear life. It was a wonder the horse didn’t try to shake her off with all the pushing and pulling she did to it.
Painted this picture of our town.
Stylo Yeux Waterproof Long Lasting Eyeliner in Ebène
Have a great week friends.
Today she told me last night the monitor went off, because her heart rate kept dropping real low, they had to keep rotating her and making her talk. This part scares me, in fact yesterday the heart dr told her she could have a stroke within a year if her blood pressure doesn't get under control. We already knew this since her stroke was so large and affected so much of her brain, that she is more likely to have another one, she has to many risk factors against her. So this is just something else to make me worry more while we are gone next week.
It is reported today, that the Public Investment Corporation - an investment manager for state institutions - has bought R17 billion in SANRAL bonds. 89% of this investment is made-up of the Government Employees Pension Funds.
It was so difficult to pick the TOP 3 again this month. Thank you so much for all the wonderful players on our last challenge.
5. Obama: “He has made a lot of mistakes but he is a big man.” Tucson, AZ—TTT Truck Stop
There were a few more airport scenarios I won't even go into...suffice to say...my dearly beloved is not going with me when I go to Italy!
Never let me have children.
The final step in the process is applying the protectant. This is a little runnier than the paint, and goes on clear, but provides the long-lasting protection for the cabinets. It takes a full 7 days to cure completely, but dries quickly enough for minor use.
1) Is Easy to use!
Level 22: Recovers 220 HP and 66 MP every 4 seconds.
1. Fangirls. Making everyone else uncomfortable with their obsession.
4. Step all over me.
In no particular order, I present to you:
For just a moment, God removed his wall of thorns from our country, and allowed evil to touch us. He wanted us to see the dangers around us and wake up. He wanted to use this moment to lift our eyes to a higher purpose. He wanted us to know that our lives on this earth are fleeting, and that we should grow up and make the most of them.
In order to respond to that range of possibilities, homescale windpower units need to find their way back into the conversation of our time and, more importantly, up above the rooftops of homes across the modern world. Professionally manufactured wind turbines of the right scale are a good start, and those green wizards in training who have the money and lack the fairly modest technical skills to build their own could do worse than to buy and install one. Still, there’s also a huge role here for the homebuilt turbine, and for those individuals whose willingness to get to work shaping turbine blades and bolting together octet truss towers might, as things unfold, lead to a future career.
By the way, I would like to as many current commonplace book users as I can. If you have a page where you show images of what you use, or tell about how you use them let me know so I can link you up for the next post.
5. Tarceva has given me scary nightmares, the last one I had involved radishes
Current standings: (8/9) 43 points
Each weekend, as I head home at around 2 am from working at a party, I see two or three young women drunk, alone and wearing barely a stitch of clothing.
1. I have lived in 4 states (Montana, Kansas, Oklahoma, South Dakota)
In Chemistry I literally almost fell asleep during my teacher’s lecture. It was that boring.
Welcome to your 1st stop along the Paper Secrets Holiday Blog Hop.
The dominant defenders: Pepe, Sergio Ramos, Marcelo, Coentrão, Albiol, Arbeloa.
He says what’s wrong, isn’t it as you described?
Lamb Chop Salad
Nookie travelled well and arrived in Wales safe and sound, he has been turned out with two others and after a little pecking order discussion he has settled down well, he has towed SIL twice down to the field much to my surprise!! tee hee, she is not fazed by it and will sort him out I think its just excitement! he will be shod and started in work as soon as abscess foot allows.
Identification with the Torah
I finally gave up and ask everyone to go sit in their chairs, and I pulled my chair up to the table. I ask the children if their Mommies and Daddies worked? They all started talking at once, telling me what their parents did. Once I quietened them down, I ask, "What do you think is Miss Bonnie's job?" Most of them just looked at me. One little girl look at me and giggled, "Silly Miss Bonnie, your don't have a job." Of course this started everyone giggling. Not quite the reaction I was hoping for.
‘Lolita’ is a brilliant excercise in the nature of point of view and truth. Events are manipulated, bent and exaggerated (even Humbert himself admits the way his memories colour events differently to how they might have happened). The reader is constantly aware that the memoir is trying to earn out sympathy for Humbert’s hideous actions and the bland truth will always be relatively unknown. Nabokov expertly and delightfully navigates the precarious line between truth and lies.
1 matching
I came home to find this awful damage in our apartment…
(1)Generalised or localised muscle fatigue after minimal exertion with prolonged recovery time.
The Pace Trials cost nearly £5 million pounds of tax payers’ money.
The Stolen Bride: Tor/Forge hardcover, April 2012, 344 pages, cover art by Steve Stone. Tony Hays is an international journalist who also writes historical mysteries. The Stolen Bride is the fourth in his series of mysteries during the days of King Arthur. But the books are not fantasies——Hays assumes the Arthur legends were based on real people and places his stories in a historically accurate early medieval setting.
It's just two days to go before Greeks go to the polls to elect a new Government to steer the ship of state either back onto a steady path, or onto the rocks.
I found the answer I was looking for in the comments of another blog, in a post about giving your characters motivation. Someone mentioned a character from a book I've never heard of as an example of a character with no motivation, and the blog author pointed out that that character's motivation was to find his purpose. And boy, did that hit me like a ton of bricks!
Accessories - black brads
What type of kitchen garden could you grow? As yourself the following questions:
Joseph Angelini, 63, Lindenhurst, N.Y.
I can walk here from my house!
Estée Lauder created Aliage to meet the needs of modern, independent women who bought their own fragrance, women who, “…were tired of the standard perfumes of their mother’s generation, the tired familiar names of fragrances made for a generation of women who blue-rinsed their gray hair and had croquignole waves etched into their scalps.” The fact that Jane embraced the scent her mother wore says a lot about the cultural shift sensed by Mrs. Lauder, who transformed the 1970's archetype of the "liberated woman" and actualized it in a perfume. It also says a lot about the way people respond to their sense of smell. Chypres can be highly animalic and resinous despite the presence of fruits and florals in the formula. The addition of fresh green notes infuses Aliage with a timeless quality that tempers its classic pedigree and lends buoyancy.
Dangling Accent is a RAK from Ujjwal.....
As much as I miss Boston and it's activity filled days, I'm glad to be home. :-)
After seeing the above doodle angel pattern by Birgit, my friend wanted me to make angle pins for all the ladies who will be attending her sister-in-law's baby shower. I was more than happy to help out my friend. In this quest, I made two different angels with white beads because she told me that the whole decor is pink and white because it is a baby girl.
“If you create in them (young people) the view that we are different in some way from such an early age its starts to get ingrained in them as we grow up.
Mimi this. Mimi that. Mimi is working to save the starving in Africa. Blah, blah, blah Mimi.
So, here's my take on this whole thing:
3. Stretch!!! (check - and no complaints, it feels good)
i was disappointed with Shanghai Girls when it just left me hanging with no real ending, but i thought Dreams of Joy was an amazing continuation of the story. i really enjoyed it. it gets 4 1/2 stars from me. if you read Shanghai Girls don't miss it!!
Now this cost us 300 euro! New cam belts and consultation……
Gradually the realization emerged that the limits of an idea aren't defined by the budget. In fact, most truly great ideas inherently have scale. They work, somehow, at every size. As a single tweet and as a full length feature. Expectations should be set on how to spend any budget in a way that delivers a well executed idea to an appropriate number of consumers at the right time and for the right reason. Budget doesn't define the idea. Just, perhaps the scale and the expectations.
Monterey jack cheese (organic): On sale for $3.49/8 oz pkg, used 2 oz (1/4) =$.87
Gourmet Quality Affordable Meals
Los Angeles, CA
Attorney Evolutionist: As proof your Honor, may I present to the court one of Goo’s hyoid bones they found in Israel in the Kebara Cave.
“The dog park itself is falling into the river,” said Cain, who added he and other dog owners would be willing to chip in for the repairs. “It’s dirty, it’s filthy and it’s unsafe for dogs.”
PK: Blair Walsh, Georgia
120 with
But then, today, the clouds cleared, the ones in my head anyway. Despite interrupted sleep again, (Leo lost his wolf twice in the night, Tansy lost her duvet, the cat brought a mouse in) we had fun. Decorating gingerbread for Granpa's present we sloshed chocolate and icing around in a sticky relaxed mess, without any uptight concern from me about how much sugar had gone into Leo's tummy instead of onto the gingerbread moomins.
I'm feeling refreshed in lots of ways.
Denise: Not this girl. I write it for public consumption so whenever I complete a novel I send it off.
Crystal Lanvin hair pins
“Can I bring my pig?” my sister asks over the telephone this morning.
Dustin Maher is the author of Fit Moms For Life, and personal trainer. He has workout programs in Madison WI and sells numerous workout DVDs. For this challenge the participants were given the ebook(Fit Moms For Life), a nutrition guide, and workout.
It’s down-to-earth and sensuous not evocative. Sohail Sen has created the music for Katrina’s tapori item song, and it has been learnt that the glamorous babe has been asked to look more beautiful and sizzling than she looked in Tees Maar Khan. Katrina Kaif is leaving no stone unturned to perform much better as compared to Sheila Ki Jawaani. On the other hand, Katrina is not at all want Deepika Padukone’s ‘Mit Jaaye Gham’. Before the release of ‘Dum Maaro Dum’, rumour were spreading here and there that Deepika wanted to make her item song ‘Mit Jaaye Gham’ from the film, raunchier than Kaif’s ‘Sheila Ki Jawani’.
Anyway, I loved the film, I thought Natalie Portman was absolutely stunning in the film, I think this brought out Natalie Portman into her own, her own style, her own ‘perfection’ if you will.
As we move into studying the prophets, my next post will include some tips on interpreting prophetic literature, and we’ll take a look at the book of Amos. It only takes about half an hour to read Amos. Thanks for praying for Michael this last week; he feels good about his Joel teaching, and will post a summary of his lecture soon.
The next morning, the Artilect emerges. It assumes the form of a cow. It joins the Terrans in the fields, mooing contentedly with them.
Martyn LeNoble - bass, cello
Oh, never mind.
President get it so wrong
East Regional Finals/TD Garden/Boston, MA
Inclusion: Race Bib, Finisher Shirts and Medal for all categories
Friday was the big day, and I'd already decided to make it a dry run for any future occasion when I'd be called upon to dress up, like a Christmas do or an evening soiree. I now had the Lady Shoes With Heels, the ancient historical and hand-me-down dresses from Lola II's friend, and I'd bought tights. The technology of tights has come on a long way since the last time I bought any, which would easily have been 15 years ago. That's probably all I'm going to say, other than both fit and performance are vastly improved.
Steven has also stepped into something new in the past month since school has been out. Steven has this great knack of meeting people, especially in Dallas. Since we've moved here in February, he's made great friends with our neighbors upstairs. He's befriended several homeless people (which he knows by name). And has managed to make friends with several store owners in our neighborhood. One of those is Tom Jon. (Yes, he has two first names... I asked too) Tom Jon owns an eclectic shop around the corner from our house where he sells random odds and ends and his own clothing line. For the past several months, Steven goes in to just talk to him about life and Dallas and his store. Last month Tom Jon offered Steven a job the DAY he needed one. We are excited to see how the Lord is using this shop to build friendships with other people in the neighborhood and open the door for the gospel to be spread. I must brag on my husband here for a moment: this man knows how to accept people where they are and at the same time show them the light and love of Jesus.
1 ducked
No wonder y’all think there’s a mancession. I always say NO relationship is better than a bad one. I was proud of her ….she turned his wildly piss poor offer down.
Turkey………. and dressing
Been working on a lot of music as usual. It seems each day I direct my life more so to be engulfed with music, and everyday it makes me happier. My Hip Hop act B.T.E churned this out the other evening. Have a listen. Its honest.
Am I getting dumb?
The Chef even matched the sorbet with jugs of the aforementioned pilsner. That’s hospitality for you.
I went back to bed making a mental note to search the leftover containers of soup for chunks of bay leaf. And then I remembered that story about Stone Soup from way back in grade two.
“There are a handful of people who think it’s absolutely brilliant. And there are a handful of people who absolutely hate it. I mean really really dislike it.
“No person shall… be deprived of life, liberty, or property, without due process of law.”
The wise one has been giving the best advice on politics, particularly strategy, for the 23 years I've known him. I still seek Yoda's advice in my work with the National Pro Life Alliance.
Once upon a time, of course, it was tropical. Warm seas, steamy swamps, plesiosaurs... in jurassic times. The way down to the sea is a steep little path through bushy vegetation, with a few stone steps here and there, no handrails, some mud, brambles, nettles... it takes a while to get there. "Are we there yet?" she sings out... -not even close, -it's steep.
I was incredibly hesitant when I joined my first gym. I just went through my files, and found my first contract – I signed up for my first gym membership in July 2007, a solid two and a half years before I began the weight loss journey that I’m currently on. I don’t know how much I weighed back then (I went for years without ever stepping on a scale), but I looked similar to the ‘Before’ pictures in the Photo Gallery.
So far it has not effected me at all.
It’s just a turtle, a submerged log, or a really shallow stretch of water?
When you consider how many men are really just boys who can shave, think about. How terrifying it must be for a woman to marry.
In the past few months after inviting a dear and talented friend, Scissor Girl, with me to create some fabulous 'Freescapes' or playscapes that will be featured in a book due out hopefully next year. This one is our current winter offering and is far from finished, but I am quite pleased with how it's coming along. We started with an adapted Spring scape, but will return to that one soon for updating and developing in the season, and others will be created to encapsulate Summer and Autumn. Hopefully these scapes will inspire and lead the reader/artist into a world reflective of their inner self and qualities.
Heavenly Father, let me always remember that it is not You who bring the struggles
I also thought I would have a go at customising the phone holder for a small laptop or netbook. Here is the finished result, I think it works quite well, and matches a camera or small phone holder I made a while ago.
And I, Cherry Lolita, recycled a page torn out of the phone book, a leftover can of spray paint, dress patterns, a used USPS box, and a soda can tab. This month our sponsor is WILD OLIVE KIDS. At WILD OLIVE KIDS you will find colorful, funky aprons, childrens outfits, beautiful dresses, fun purses and twirly skirts! The winner this month will get this.... A Juicy Oranges Fruit Purse
- a white square card, just under 5" square
Laughter is the one common thread that holds us together. It is there for us even when life is falling apart at the seems. Laughter ties closer the bonds of friends and family. It is the cement of good memories, and is the medicine that cures whatever ills you.
Anyway, QPR had maintained a breakneck tempo throughout. In structure and attitude I thought they were quite similar to Mark Hiughes’ Fulham side when we lost there last season. Dogged off the ball, sitting relatively deep but breaking quickly. Where Fulham had pace, QPR had industrious and burly forwards in Mackie and Zamora.
Opa and Jamie having breakfast on the weekend. Jamie was happy, he had his banana and his favourite gorilla toy.
There are no unwanted side effects reported with normal doses of any of the different uses of magnolia. Large quantities of magnolia preparations, however, have been reported to cause dizziness. In addition, allergic reactions to the pollen from magnolia trees are not unusual.
I haven't moved all weekend....
I must apologize for not being around much lately. I have been super busy (as we all have) with work, life and Christmas. It is midnight as I write this and am in fact a day late with this post! Woops! I am HOWEVER finished my Christmas shopping & wrapping...but have yet to complete my end of the bargain for Christmas Supper! It's all good though! LOL
But yes, who am I kidding, the government takes, it does not give, it's even committed to ever more ruinous borrowing to keep things going rather than reduce its costs.
most often a good starting structure for what one might ordinarily
“Little Thomas is stuck, Tatte!” Of course Thomas wasn’t really stuck, he was just pretending. He reached for his second train and proceeded to drive it across the bumpy bridge of my arm.
In the emergency alert the CAF infers they have been done wrong, while omitted they have had two bites at the apple, and goes on to say they have tried to settle persuasively instead of litigiously. Well, there are two white lies there — the CAF countered and lost then offered to display the F-82 while accepting the USAF had ownership while insisting they intended to re appeal.
I don’t understand why or how this always happens. You always feel cool- until you see yourself a year later.. and cannot help but wonder.. HOW? WHY? Did no one notice?
So how can companies start embracing this concept? It starts with first impressions. What emotional impression is created when people first walk into your office? Let me tell you about two experiences I had:
“Right.” John groaned inwardly but took the papers without comment. “You have a new secretary?”
Later we took a run up to Sydenham to my sis Micheesha’s house. Since last time we have made up me and her and I have apologised for selling her kids X-mas presents and she has give me the money she owes for the base I sold her.
So, my new goal is to wake up each morning and not focus on the immediate affects of waking up. Instead, I will try harder to thank God for the new day as I open my eyes. I'll try looking forward to the blessings in store for me that day, and maybe waking up and starting a new, healthier routine will become easier.
roast potatoes and parsnips in duck fat
Even stranger, last week I had a dream that I was working in a cancer center, helping to prepare the patients for some special tests....and I was pregnant! EEEKKK! Then my Mom came in and she was pregnant too...and proceeded to give birth to a beautiful little girl...a sister, finally!
Again, I don't say all of this to brag on myself. God has blessed Lee and me so much and we have a responsibility to use our resources to help others. I also want to encourage you. If you coupon or are considering couponing, don't just think of it as a way to save money for yourself. See it as a way that you can help others, too.
I laughed so hard tears rolled down my cheeks.
“Can we go and talk about our next interviews?” Jamie asks.
Apologies: Carlos Corteglia the 2012 BNP London Mayoral Candidate, had been invited to speak but had to withdraw we were told, due to a family emergency.
One of the worst kept secrets in Barnet is now officially out in the open. I filed a standards complaint against Councillor Brian Coleman in March and the Council Standards sub committee will be discussing it on 10th September at 10am in an open meeting.
LJ Fort: I’ll just be with some of my other teammates that have a chance of being drafted or picked up by teams, so just hanging out with them and taking in all the excitement and stuff.
As a member of the peanut gallery, I could help; I knew this scene by heart.
He nodded. “I like your sweater, by the way,” he said. “It looks a little like a grandma sweater, but I like it.”
However, plaintiffs’ attorney Molly Thomas-Jensen had earlier pointed out, “You can’t waive your rights to be paid, if you’re required to be paid.”
the heat
Lets start with Yellow Pear Tomato Preserves
I have an idea. But I can’t pinpoint conscious or deliberate activities that made me lose weight. BUT, maybe, that’s it. It wasn't one, nor a few particular things--it’s how I lived 2009 to early 2011.
Days ago Daisy was searching for the key of the other drawer and while I was on my place she opened my drawer and start looking for it inside. I got mad, closed my drawer, gave her an evil look and asked “what’s wrong with you?”. I cant stand people touching MY stuff. She said “what are you hidding?”. I didnt even bother to reply. I dont hide anything but still, that drawer is a bit messy … but it is MY drawer.
(Tess singing)
Shot using a professional full chip camera, so there is no need to worry about image quality with our new, bigger sizes!
The dinner and bedtime hours are when children fold back into their tiny, young selves. They are fragile and open; peeling back the layers of their day. They disclose their hidden concerns, burst into tears readily and want to be held in your arms. By the time they are asleep in their beds they resemble themselves as babies.
My wedding suit, which I can no longer fit in, was bought for me as a not-so-gentle insurance I would be respectably turned out on the day.
Face the fact. Something can be done about it. If you avoid the fact, it gets nastier, and it revisits you. At least now face the fact. Something can still be done about it. What you avoid does not go away from you. It gets uglier, and it revisits you. Every fact that you escape from will one day make you think, “I should have…I could have…I must have…”
While the book goes into great detail about the literary and philological evidence for and against Muhammad’s existence, some readers may ask themselves, “But what about the archaeological evidence?” Unfortunately, Spencer does not address that side of the argument, primarily because there’s basically nothing to say: The Saudi government (as well as the Islamic Waqf controlling the Temple Mount in Jerusalem) has gone to great lengths to suppress or destroy any archaeological remains which might shed light on Islam’s earliest days. All the legendary sites associated with Muhammad in and around Mecca and Medina have been intentionally and irretrievably disturbed, eradicated and/or built over, so any rigorous archaeological investigations confirming or undermining Islam’s origins are now impossible. One suspects that the Saudis have obliterated Mecca’s history intentionally, fearful that impartial evidence may undermine Islam’s various historical claims. While this is not a significant omission, the book’s argument would have been slightly strengthened if this confirming detail had been discussed, if even for just a paragraph or two.
I just do my utmost to add gems and or glitter to every card :)
The other one was considerably shorter and far less interesting, especially seeing how he appeared to be around ten or eleven years old. He was dressed in the same olive drab t-shirt and camouflage trousers as the larger chap, only several sizes smaller. Ophelia found herself wondering idly what kind of boutique military outfitters might be likely to provide matching adult and child ranges, but then remembered a long and very boring lecture she had once found herself on the receiving end of from one of the globetrotting investigative hacks (after a glib and lightly-meant comment she had made about the wisdom of airlifting Mothercare catalogues to Sierra Leone) and thought better of it.
I remember picking up a copy of 1080 Snowboarding and playing it sometime in the early 2000s. This game had quite the learning curve, similar to that of Excitebike 64. If I went back to play this game, I'm sure I'd probably struggle with it because I didn't play it the same way I did Wave Race 64. Still, this had some memorable tunes, my favorites being Blue Flame and Golden Forest, the later of which was an unlockable song in Super Smash Bros. Brawl. Kicking the crap out of Jiggly Puff while Golden Forest plays? Yes, please!
The fact that every recipe was riddled with snippets like, "Just mess around with the mixture until you get it to your liking" and "Try out some different butters and oils until it's just right" or "Then pour it into your containers and enjoy!", was a bit disappointing and, to me, a sign of laziness.
The plot then winds its way through more absurdity until Lucky and Penny find themselves with each other free and clear, with one boffo reprise singing “A Fine Romance” against “Just the Way You Look Tonight.”
So, do not hesitate in your understanding of that classification. Never hesitate to call on us, because we are available. Yes, it is so that the archangels and the angels, our primary interaction is with the realm of humankind in terms of this planet, and particularly this unfoldment. But do not think that you do not have access to all nine realms; you do. It would be the same as thinking that you do not have access to the heart—the love—of God, of Source, of One.
5. “I Put A Spell On You” featuring Joss Stone
Part of me is also being self-conscious about staying home when my child is not home. I’m afraid that I can’t justify for being home and not working while my child will be at school everyday except that I am not allowed to work in my current host country. I am apprehensive about what people will think about me. In the Western societies, I feel that the job as a stay-at-home mom is not as valued as other paid jobs even though it is one of the most challenging jobs that exist.
Churning the house around in my head it just wouldn't go away, it really really unsettled me that someone was going to get our house and I started wondering if this was a good idea coming through at all. I tried to put it out of my head and returned home to carry on as normal, Brent was now home from work and we were just talking about random things and of course I mentioned we had been to see the house, told him it was really run down but had great potential. Totally to my surprise he commented that it would be a great house to sink your teeth into......that was all it took and it rolled forward at lightening speed from there!
This a novel I think that Fitzgerald himself would be proud of. It definitely seems like it belongs in his era and sets the scene of the New York of the 1920′s. It is well-written and transported me back to the time period like all good historical fiction novels should. There are some scenes that might offend some and one offended me at first. I list them below. All in all though, I found it very entertaining and a good read. I am anxious to read the next one in the series.
and Amnon said unto her
I just laughed. I was so glad that she was doing ok. Now she tells me she wished she lost the other front tooth also so she could have an even goofier smile. Gotta love kids.
He must become greater...I must become less. John 3:30
My advice of the day is to never fall into the 80/20 rule. Leaving 80% of what you want/need for 20% of what you think you want or need.
Congratulations to all the A to Z-ers! I have the Linky List on my sidebar and plan to continue my blog visits following down the list. I've found some amazing new bloggers this month. This has been a fantastic Challenge this year. I have loved participating and being part of the hosting team.
The Objection
(I recommend one of those paper signs taped to your back)
Those who find beautiful meanings in beautiful things are the cultivated. For these there is hope. They are the elect to whom beautiful things mean only beauty.
The Catharsis. For my hope
showed movie - Kyungbok and I showed the Dark Knight to students who weren't able to afford a field trip to Lindi. They remarked that the joker/ his gang with the masks were zombies. I also showed parts of Iron Man 2 to my students, and they clapped and cheered when Tony Stark put on the Iron Man suit. What a dramatic way to watch a movie.
Cat,I command you to stop walking away!
We met some ... interesting... Italians, then went out with a new friend. It was a crazy night that produced many funny stories, that aren't necessarily blog appropriate ;)
7.) Said PC begins quoting Clint Eastwood movies.
Any questions please send me a message and i will do my best to help you out.
But I do remember one thing my dad used to say all the time. ”Take a shower. You’ll feel better.”
Don’t miss out on these exciting upcoming sessions and promotions!
I’m still around. I haven’t disappeared (yet) in any personal black hole. I’m writing a little bit, and reading your blogs as much as I can, but I just haven’t had that drive to participate much in anything. Even to leave you a comment, beyond the “wow” that usually first comes to mind, seems often an impossible task. I’m very grateful to all those who still think of me, despite my absence…
Sugar- 2 tsp (as per taste really)
In addition, how about cutting out foreign aid? That amounts to about 19 billion per year. Add that to the total and we begin to move in the right direction, not to mention reduced funding for our enemies.
So conventional wisdom is right. If you subtract 35 years and forget that it’s a different superman (Shaw had Don Juan in mind). By the time Jerry Siegel attached it to his hero, the word was everywhere. Type it into The New York Times archives, and you’ll find hundreds of listings.
Also, I want to apologize for promising to have my Beach Literacy Pack up by last week... obviously that didn't happen! the past two weeks have been filled with housework, training puppies (...really just one - I'm not THAT insane to try to take on two yellow lab puppies at once!), unexpected funerals, and taking care of my Aunt while my Uncle was out of town. ...Not to mention WORK!!
The in-train communication takes the audience through an engaging interactive experience with a range of multimedia devices to induce self risk perception, persuade in favour of counseling and testing and creates a positive social environment for care and support to people living with HIV.
Those are the times where I’ve failed the test. I’ve failed it because I forgot what the bigger picture is. And the bigger picture, no matter how many chips are in a poker jackpot, is that no matter how loud we yell – we are lucky because we have someone who is always looking out for us and will love us and will help us survive.
Here’s the recipe (my version):
I think Steinbeck might be on target with the comment, "an outpouring of everything good in you...."
The McManus Club had questioned whether these large luxury high rises—particularly Manhattan Plaza would be able to attract tenants in these locations. However, to protect the rest of Hell’s Kitchen from wholesale development of the type that had wiped out lower middle class neighborhoods on the East Side of Manhattan, the representatives of the community acting through the Clinton Planning Council (on which McManus Club representatives were significantly in evidence) sought to have the City enact a Clinton Special District in which no building of more than seven stories could be built. 7 Deputy Mayor John Zucotti agreed, once he could assure the Mayor that McManus supported the plan.
Explore these wine tasting hot-spots on one of our personalized travel itineraries. Call our travel specialists for more information!
Sort & Paste - I use shape punches to cut out a variety of shapes in different colors. The kids sort and glue them onto a sorting mat. They can choose to sort by shape or color. Here is my Sorting Mat.
“The expo will play host to representatives from major Australian employers and governments from all Australian states and territories. Participants will be able to find out more about possible career pathways down under.”
“every greedy businessman in America would hire only women, save 25% and be hugely profitable.”
Only recently I realized the extent of what happened. It was kind of spooky, and it’s a story I don’t particularly like to tell anymore, because of the negative vibe people get from it.
i know this is going to sound like a bizarre thought, but it’s where my heart is this morning…
Salmon with Roasted Red Pepper Sauce
Our first matchup of the Winter Bracket of the 2012 Battle of the Books pits J.M. McDermott's When We Were Executioners against Charles de Lint's Eyes Like Leaves. Per our contest rules, I have read the first 25 pages of both, and the winner will be the book I most want to continue reading.
Rolled up and ready to scoff. I should say we had them for both main and pudding courses. For pudding we added Nutella and chopped banana, and (not to the same ones) lemon and sugar but I forgot to take shots of those ones.
Prayers immediately followed that call and haven't stopped since. My sister is a beautiful woman and she has been so blessed with an amazing husband and now, baby girl! Tinsley Ellison is a joy and a delight and I am so thankful she is a part of our family! Yesterday, we all joined them in a celebration of God's goodness in dedicating Tinsley to the Lord. No, this was not a baptism, it was a beautiful way for my sister and her husband to share, before family and friends that they were committing to raising her in the ways of the Lord.
More clients may be asking about whole life as a product option for meeting their financial needs. But some producers may have found themselves stuck in the “single solution” rut. That solution was usually low cost no-lapse universal life insurance (UL). Often, producers would adjust the length of coverage to the life expectancy based on client input rather than looking at other benefits that could be offered by life insurance in addition to the death benefit. The problem is that no-lapse universal life, while very flexible in the wealth transfer planning stage, has little or no cash value available for meeting other financial needs if issues arise.
In FireFox, Select the "Tools" tab, "Options" then "Privacy". Select the box "Clear History when FireFox closes". This is the easiest way to clear browser history here.
The Next Big Thing in art. It opened with
What this means is that the form matters. And as forms go, social insurance – whether we’re talking about Old Age Insurance or Medicare or Unemployment Insurance – is something that is still nigh-universally understood and accepted by virtually all Americans. Social insurance fits into all the subconscious preferences within public opinion – it’s contributory and thus feeds into a commonweal rhetoric about “earned” rights; it’s universal and thus diffuses any separation between “us” and “them”; and since it’s tied to premiums taken out of paychecks, it bases itself on work (although not perfectly, since it also embraces dependents and the disabled).
Surprised fear crossed the Elf’s face.
I scurried off as Pat just looked at me. Why didn't he blame Cassie? Why think it was poor little old me? Just because my guilty look he was able to see. Oh I need to get a better poker face or run away at a faster pace. Okay, shut up Pat and all of you. I knocked the laptop on the ground and hid it from view. There you happy now? Why are you scolding me? It still works some how.
And that’s where the choice lie comes in.
There is a world of opportunity out there, it starts within, within you my friend. Be grand!
Sex roles are innate and un-changable.
“You get artists in this position who go crazy and don’t know how to handle it. There are people who have killed themselves. There’s the overwhelming stress, how tired you are, the weight on your shoulders of going out there and giving 18,000 people entertainment… it’s a lot of pressure.
The capital city of my blood
After surpassing sales of over 162,000 copies of their breakout album BONE PALACE BALLET, CHIODOS is preparing to release a limited edition version of the album titled BONE PALACE BALLET: GRAND CODA October 28 (Equal Vision).
We thank him for this meal.
For me, this one is especially important. I am very serious about tracking my WW points. After a few beers, it gets really hard to remember how many I have had, and almost impossible to track them later! Some people say to limit your alcohol intake by drinking water in between beers, and that may work for some, but not for me! I'm not interested in filling up on water when I planned to drink beer all day!
“That’s fine, but I need all the light I can get.”
Your first move should be to push your hips back and push your knees out over your second toes. As you squat keep reaching your butt back keeping your weight from coming into your toes and and your knees gliding in front of your toes. Your shins should not be at a greater angle than 90 degrees and your knees should not fold inward.
Emma steps up, misses.
Other favorites in 2011- Quitting old job, baptizing Zoozoo
JUSTIN: You've got a CD of your music, that you self produced that's available on your website. Are there any plans to do another?
So I read:
Keiser was a well travelled man, a Wehrmacht veteran, wanted for fraud in Germany, married in Jordan, wanted for passport tampering in Morocco, worked undercover in a police sting in Bogota, arrested for real estate swindling in Belize, etc. In New York City, a more infamous felon was arrested while having dinner with Keiser at “21″, as part of another police sting in which Keiser was an undercover participant. Carol Bruce, a legal assistant on Barcella’s staff, would refer to him as “Bela”, as in Bela Lugosi. Keiser was now facing deportation from the US after it was discovered the New York hospital he claimed to have been born in had no records of his birth, and neither did the city of New York. Keiser played his best hand, pleading for a stay if he could help bring in Wilson, now a well-known fugitive, back to the US.
This people is why I cannot be left unattended...SQUIRREL!
I read all kinds of yoga blogs where the people writing them say how they learn all kinds things about themselves during yoga or because of yoga or whatever. I never thought I’d be one of those people. I love yoga, I love what it does for all of me, but I’m not one of those people who has revelations during yoga either.
I do think this shade would make a great little extra Mother's Day gift for your Mom or Grandma!
4. Add heavy cream and turn off the stove. Pour into serving bowl.
You might also find that you will feel less pressure on making the wrong person fit the model and essentially you’ll stop dating assholes.
Perfection is not easily obtained, in fact, most of the time it is downright impossible. But this year, with CSUSB’s volleyball team, perfection has become routine.
A CONTROVERSIAL developer has been awarded almost $12million to build affordable senior housing in the Rockaways.
What I have discovered is that I really love the kids.
For instance, you could buy a new car. But will it be BMW or Batmobile. You could spend it all on comic books or open your own comic book store. Maybe buy an awesome home theatre and all the movies you could watch in a lifetime. Or fund an indie movie or web series and leave your own mark on the entertainment world.
And... Charlie got... a sword. A sword.
Now onto the new challenge for the next two weeks. Quelle Suprise! as it’s nearly Halloween– Cute, with a Dark Twist! Hosted by Sarah. As you can see below the team didn’t all go for halloween, but you can clearly see that they teamed cute with a dark element and we would love to see the same from you.
ISRAELI COMPANY WAS IN CHARGE OF SECURITY AT FUKUSHIMA
No one did biker chic better than Steve McQueen. For that matter, no one did anything better than Steve McQueen. From the infamous motorcycle scene in The Great Escape to a game of chess in the Thomas Crown Affair, McQueen symbolized looks that were classic, elegant, timeless and a bit of a rebel. Barbour teamed up with the late legendary actor's estate for the ultimate in cool -- think motorcycle jackets and you get the gist.
To finish off the poster I added simple graphics, a tag line I thought of and made the eyes glow. I always enjoyed seeing Batman’s eyes white in the cartoons; I would love to see a movie with this effect on all the characters. So, till my script is done enjoy this photo.
Give the world the best you've got anyway.
I also happen to be in love with postcards, vintage embroidered postcards, and farmers markets.
They stomped..........
the kids were in bed.
MICHAEL Michael Kors is available in Brown Thomas Dublin, Cork, Limerick & Galway.
I used gray primer as it was all that I had on hand. I have to say that love the way this gray primer looks on the chandelier. I mean I love it so much that I am wondering what other room in my house could I use a chandelier and make gray work....maybe my bedroom??
"You're getting 10 swats tomorrow for coming to bed late (and making me stay up til 1am - he was kidding on that part)"
The fennel is roasted under the pork belly and covered in wine so it stays nice and tender too. If you eat meat, you must try this recipe.. you will thank me afterwards I promise!
My head told my heart
And I think that all the hand-wringing about what is "stabilizing" and what isn't is ossified Cold War reasoning. "Stability" was championed, theoretically, because anything else would 'tip the world into war,' as TH said.
"You feel an outsider because you have no family and think you have nothing to offer in return," Horatio said, finishing her sentence as they had been over and over the topic a thousand times. "You've nothing to feel less of Elennara," he tried to reassure her again for the thousandth time. "I understand your feelings, being alone without family ties, orphaned at such an early age. You feel the Fleet is your only home and family, well I am part of the fleet, part of your family. I just want to offer you another part, give you something more than what you have."
1/2 tea baking soda
Dec 28 Colas-Saal Ascahffenburg, Germany
Royalties are paid a month to two months after the fact. Factoring in that as well as putting in the order, receiving them, and getting them ready, I will be delivering the Kindle Fires to the hospital in June of 2012.
VIP protection services get big increases
But there is, unfortunately, a seamy corner of the Jewish world that we would do well not pretending that it does not exist. It exists – it exists because the culture is that decadent, and because young people looking for love, attention and respect often seek it in the wrong places and in the wrong activities – and they wind up without love or respect, although they do capture the attention, temporarily at least, of the exploiters and predators."
Japanese and German call that critter a "Wash Bear" (Araiguma in Japanese, Waschbär in German) because they wash their hands (paws).
Cut out with scissors .
Everyone ages. There will come a point as we age that we may lose the ability to take care of ourselves. When it comes to this time, it is generally a good idea to think about moving into a nursing home. Nursing homes present a situation that may not be ideal, but can offer a good option for personal care. These facilities employ licensed professionals to help residents with a high quality of care.
So, until next time I must craft or die.
“It’s no surprise why people often feel ill around fragrances,” says Stacy Malkans, co-founder of the Campaign for Safe Cosmetics, another organization authoring the report. “They spray the stores down both inside the stores and outside the stores, without any notification or consent from people.”
Surprise!: DE, Nick Perry
As my favorite INTP, Albert Einstein once said: “Genius is 1% inspiration and 99% perspiration.” Ideas can only take you so far – ideas without action just hang, like an over-ripening fruit, and eventually fall to the ground, forgotten. And action can’t happen without nailing the details.
40) Quique Dacosta (Denia, Spain)
LL: I like the way things are going. The Icelandic scene is divided into the really hard rock, indie and electronica. Some of it’s manufactured, but not that much. Icelandic stuff is really original. At Airwaves, I didn’t get to see as much as I wanted but I thought that the Icelandic bands were excellent, if not better than the foreign ones.
Is creating a terrible stink
Ravi Dhaliwal, Tribune News Service
Too often I get caught up in being negative or upset that I forget about all the daily positive things my husband brings into our life. So I thought I would write about some of the things I love and appreciate about him.
I could tell by her look that she wondered why I felt the need to have a pager for my 4 1/2 year old. I could read her thoughts ..."Oh, she must be one of THOSE moms."
I. Working For the Kingdom
Tomorrow, we're going to visit the National Presidential Wax Museum, perhaps take a run down the Alpine Slide in Keystone, check out the Cosmos Mystery Area, and visit Bear Country USA. It's going to be a busy day - stay tuned!
Clarke Osborne, who spoke on behalf of residents, said: "We have needed to mobilise very quickly as this very important news for this part of the Chew Valley came to our notice just ten days ago, despite, as we have learnt, this process being under way for more than a year.
(3) In confidence, as a secret or private matter, not to be divulged or communicated to others; with belief in a person’s sense of discretion: I told him in confidence.
Southern Tier Oat – NY – 11.0% ABV
I’m in a bit of a nonsense mood and in the humor for nonsense poetry. “The Owl and the Pussycat” is among my favorite nonsense poems, though I feel the terminology does injustice to such a well-wrought little piece of verse. I used to read the lovely, Jan Brett-illustrated The Owl and the Pussycat to my little brother when he was a baby. It was my favorite of his picture books.
I've often wondered what it is about knitting that captured me all those years ago, and has held me ever since. No doubt there's an element of pride in making something myself, a genuine pleasure in taking months to make a gift for someone else. There's the way the continuous action relaxes and soothes, even the knowledge that I'm continuing a craft that's been around for hundreds of years.
Next, as each meeting had a particular theme, someone else read from a piece of literature pertaining to that theme and then took the first turn to speak.
If anyone finds my inspiration floating around - would you please send it home? I'm really missing it.
Well, not immediately. It does take me 2-3 years to write one of the big OUTLANDER novels, and about a year to write a Lord John novel (and I do work on more than one project at once; keeps me from having writer's block, and makes me much more productive. So I've been working on both Book Eight _and_ LORD JOHN AND THE SCOTTISH PRISONER). It'll be a little while.
Thank you for loving us and letting us love you with all of our hearts.
We see this from 1 Corinthians 2:14.
While Occupy and labor unions protested against income and wealth inequities engineered by governments across the globe, CEO’s in the United States received 15% pay increases for pushing down wages and benefits, shipping jobs overseas, tanking the economy, and generally mismanaging their corporations.
Earlier in the month I posted the album The Moods by Edward Artemiev at M=R. After that I got to wondering what, if any, other albums were put out by Artemiev in the eighties. That's when I discovered Warmth of Earth. I was completely blown away by this album. It was not what I was expecting at all after listening to The Moods, which apparently features the same group of musicians, Boomerang Ensemble. In fact I'm not sure if I have ever heard anything quite like it. Artemiev brings his avantgarde sensibilities into the world of progressive rock with electronic and occassional pop dance flourishes, but it is performed with such passion that it elevates it above anything else I've heard from the same era that could bear those labels. Maybe it's the Russian synthesizers that makes it sound so unique to me. The back of the albums states that this is a vocal and instrumental suite to the lyrics by Yuri Rytkheu. The songs with vocals are performed by Jeanne Rohzdestvenskaya who in my opinion gives those tracks the extra charge that makes them so memorable, despite the fact that I don't speak Russian. It sounds best with headphones on, so you can catch every nuance of the production. It is clear that a lot of thought went in to this recording. Sometimes the symphonic arrangements are so layered that you'll want to listen to it over and over to absorb it. It is a product that is at once very contemporary for its era, but also totally timeless.
We then headed out for dessert at a self-serve fro yo place…Huddles. Now, I love fro yo and I think that the self-serve is fun…but it’s almost too overwhelming for me.
Opposition to the use of force against demonstrating students in November 2011 was not only directed against police brutality, but also against the UC Davis administration’s repression of political activism on our campus. We view the use of retroactive legal actions against demonstrating students as an effort to carry out such repression of political activity while attempting to evade the public scrutiny to which the administration’s repressive measures have been subjected. Moreover, in this case these retroactive legal actions clearly target a small sub–‐group of the demonstrators involved in blockading the bank, suggesting that specific demonstrators are being targeted for selective prosecution so as to single out and intimidate the most active student protesters.
Hello friends, I'm excited to show you my card published in the latest issue of Magnolia Ink. I was so lucky to win the magazine contest: "Make a Card, Make a Wish" with this step card. I'm sure most of you, Magnolia lovers, have already seen the magazine but I here are some extra pics. Please enjoy!
Here are the two that were finished...
Christopher took a deep breath.
He was a truly humble servant of God. From his service to prisoners to his many books, he changed hearts. God used him in so many ways.
"What happened?"
What else would you like to see from the self-pub/indie community???
The groan's usually accompanied by a comment like this:
Gotta love Pinterest, there are so many cute ideas out there! (Follow me here) Tomorrow I'll be back with a post about my recent trip to NYC, and Friday I'll be sharing my pics from our recent trip to Napa...see ya then friends! Xoxo
Philip Claeys (Vlaams Belang), Andreas Mölzer (FPÖ) and Fiorello Provera (Lega Nord) submitted a written declaration to the European Parliament to protest against the ongoing ‘farm attacks’ in South Africa, which have already led to the death of thousands of Boers – white South Africans.
There is a good selection of pins and brooches, necklaces, earrings, and bracelets (including a couple charm bracelets). Here is the first bit I got photographed - just the tip of the iceberg (click to enlarge):
Lindsay Rowles, 54, appeared at the North Shore District Court on Friday facing charges of cruelty to an animal and offensive behaviour relating to the incident as well as unrelated drink-driving, drug and disorderly behaviour charges.
Now I'm chilling in the hotel room before I get some dinner. Tomorrow I'm going to check out the beach (note from yesterday's beach observations: tattoos are not an improvement) and catch a show.
I didn't reply, and that was the last I heard from Mr. Wentworth. Or...was it?
I got so scared and I never got to say goodbye and feel like I failed him.
Sustain NYC’s role as
not yet ten years old, it was designed by renzo piano, and he certainly put a very good effort into the complex. after all, not a lot of new things get built in rome. not near the center, anyway. the buildings are made largely of wood, have supreme acoustics, and are completely shrouded in lead, some say to enable superior-quality recordings and broadcasts due to lead’s shielding capacities against electromagnetic radiation. the original plan had to be modified when some roman ruins were uncovered. these have been preserved and can be visited as well.
dash of light soy
After much discussion Hubby Tony, Son Brian, DIL Nicole, and I had decided on our excursion and purchased the tickets. I'd been in Jamaica once before, and wanted to go something new. We chose a tour that took us to see a working plantation and the natural beauty of Dunn's River Falls, with lunch in between the two stops.
Douglas Harink, 1 & 2 Peter
Oh yes, SAND is essential to the nonduality scene, I feel. The joy and the problem with SAND is the large number of people. It’s great having 600 nondualists milling around, each with his or her own take on nonduality. There is a problem with having so many themes and speakers from which to select. Having 5 or 6 concurrent sessions makes it impossible to see every speaker. However, every year will be different and should serve attendees more effectively. I know that the organizers strive for that.
Card #1 K & Co. Sweet Nectar﻿ pad, Cardstock 2 Pinks, Dark Brown
I don’t want my conception of myself to get in the way of pursuing things I like or from discovering talents I may have. I’ve put off art for too long, and it’s time to see what I’m made of. Though I don’t think that identities are things that we, as humans, can avoid, I don’t want to be bound by mine.
Me: Well thank goodness you did.
for all those living around us today
10. Get quite a bit of the low fat treats, such as pretzels, ginger snaps, and angel food cake.
March: Kent Henry, Uriel Jones
☺ Well, now save the Notepad file with the extension .html and double click on it: it will be opened in your browser, and you can test it.
“The media has a social responsibility to get as close to the truth as possible,” he told about 30 people.
Then I spotted the seven Harry Potter books on my top shelf, sitting there all innocently, and I'm sorry, but who doesn't want to go to Hogwarts? Especially now that it's all safe and whatnot. Quidditch matches and spells gone awry and fun classes like transfiguration and charms. Delicious magical candy. Quirky teachers. Hagrid's various magical/semi-dangerous pets. Everything about Hogwarts--and all other wizard-related places--is awesome. It is magical and fun and the first time I read HARRY POTTER AND THE SORCERER'S STONE, I developed this little corner of my heart where I could pretend it totally does exist.
It's the latest addition to the Sobel Wiki, Part 7 of Jonathan Edelstein's epic For All Nails vignette "Victoria's Secret". In today's vignette, the people of the former British colony of Victoria get ready for the upcoming Parliamentary elections, and for the trial of Victoria Madoka.
Myth #1 – Organic Church is a New Method for Doing Church
I am getting the word ‘turmoil’. So if you feel like you or your life or a relationship has been in ‘turmoil’, or if you find yourself thinking that when things appear hard or unjust, or that the world seems to be in turmoil, please try to stop your thoughts in their tracks and turn them around. Remember, we are now in an accelerated phase in time where our thoughts manifest into reality much more rapidly. Your wings may feel heavy, teared or burdened but they are preparing to heal and fly again. And earth is cleansing and healing.
Official Race Stats
It's kind of like being a teenager and finding out that Oh thank the Lord your parents really did adopt you and Paul McCartney is your true father.
1. Hair
Ok, once the heel is finished, you continue knitting the long tube, just as you did before when you made the foot section, all the way up the leg to the desired length.
... checked the weather hour-by-hour for the next two days to see if, in fact, we'll get all three of Trey's baseball games in without being rained out. Pray that the three year old can endure. Seriously.
7th), Wylde Hide (UR 22nd), Feathered Gale (PU bef 27th), 2002 Lyreen Wonder (UR 20th), 2005 Glenelly Gale (PU bef
I have a lot of reasons for wanting to lose weight. I'm sure I'll blog about many of them. I collided with one of those reasons today: the dreaded bridesmaid dress shopping. My sister is getting married in October, and I am standing up in the wedding along with my husband and my oldest daughter. Clearly, I want to look decent. Clearly, being of the huskier variety, I have a bad attitude about dress shopping. Well, any shopping really. It's just not a lot of fun when you're a bigger girl. But, I digress ... let's just stick to shopping for bridesmaid dresses.
And now, here's my husband's guest verdict:
I eat at my places, either at our counter in the kitchen OR at my place at the dining table. I used to eat in the livingroom and den~NOT anymore. My food is fixed on my plate and carried to either place for my MEAL. I eat and then either leave it for the cleanup by my son or daughter who I'm thankful handle this chore almost daily OR I carry the dishes back and leave them after ALL food has been put away~I'm a "POT PICKER" and to avoid this behavior relieves me of dealing in loads of EXTRA calories that I am NOT working diligently to get rid of~FOREVER!
What Patrice did on a personal level he did in comedy. His honesty disarmed the audience.
8. Merci, We Heard The Marine Girls Songs
The Rajya Sabha’s discussion on the Copyright (Amendment) Bill, 2010 was interrupted as soon as it began. Instead, the brief discussion pivoted around the possible "conflict of interest" of the concerned Minister of Human Resource Development, Mr Kapil Sibal (pictured here). This question was raised because Mr Sibal’s son - Amit Sibal – represents the music company T-Series (Super Cassettes Industries Limited), which is a major stakeholder in the copyright industry in India (see, for example, here).
destiny is for you with your eyes sparkling
this would be the equivalent of allowing japan to build a memorial next to where the ARIZONA lays, in PEARL HARBOR, in many peoples opinion. the government and those on the left loudly proclaim that the iman has a right to do this in our country according to the freedom of religion.
Happy Tuesday everyone! I hope your day was very productive. I am linking up with Blog Hoppin' this week and today is Teacher Talk Tuesday. I will try to offer my best advice for new and returning teacher alike.
KATRINA KAIF – 3 crore for Dhoom 3
Food Sources, Supplementation, or Tanning?:
A Summer Night Fling is into the editors and I can breathe a little easier now that it is out of my hands. I am with nine fabulous M/M authors and I am a little intimidated.
I'm not kidding about any of these things. It's not exaggeration or an April Fool's joke. This is literally what my day was like. After the conversation with the landscaper, I packed up all my stuff and said to my boss "I have to leave. I literally can not stay in this building one second longer." and I left. And then I took out my aggressions on some weeds in our front yard since I guess the landscaper no longer wanted to do the job.
14. Miraggio Di Alfredo (00:54)
Psyched!! Let's take it a step farther though, How about a Gift Certificate to the CASH STORE!!!
Oh hi. I didn’t see you there. This is Definitely Improvised. That is both a true statement and the title of this site. This podcast masquerades as an improvised radio show. I am the disembodied typing words of one Bryan Fernando, a 25-year-old comedian from Portland, OR. Odds are, you know who Bryan is because only Bryan’s friends know about this podcast. What happens each week (okay, let’s be honest, every few weeks) is I will have some friends over, we will talk about stuff, and then we will pull some newspaper clippings out of a Ziploc bag and do scenes based on those newspaper clippings. Sometimes we follow a living room format, sometimes we follow an Armando type of format. This time we did a sort of Harold format. After all is said and done, we improvise the interstitial music.
Leftfield & John Lydon Open up UK
So now, our group is rallying around Tuesday who was diagnosed with cancer. She's in Stage 4 with Neuroblastoma. She's a very sick little girl and JK is asking for prayers. We're praying Tuesday gets well very soon. We're praying for Tuesday's twin sister, who is missing her sister. We're praying for her older brothers who miss their sister and their parents. And we're praying for JK and her husband to have strength, support and faith to get them through this difficult time.
Mfundo Dlungwane: “We have no choice but to kill the white babies, simply because they are goin to grow and oppress our babies, so we kill the white babies. When the rite time comes we’ll chop their heads off and they became headless little racist. ‘in the bible it says the sins of the fathers will fall onto the next generation,” we’’ ll be not only liberating what belongs to us, but also fulfilling prophecy, you know what I’m sayin…’
Spring is an amazing time to hike. One of the first things we saw was baby lubber grasshoppers – they grow though 7 stages before becoming adults! I was nice to see them so tiny. There were many spring flowers in bloom and all the trees were starting to bud. There were even a few new mushrooms on the trail!
1. Groove A Little- Taken from the last T.Rex album, this song isn’t really about anything, I don’t think, but it sure is groovy!
"My seamstress friend helped me make the triple pleat curtains out of the Braemore Fioretto in the blue colorway. I found the best prices for this fabric at Mary Jo’s at $18/yard. (Ed. Note: When two rooms are open to each other like Emily's living room and dining room are here, it's a really good idea to use the same curtains in both rooms, even if you want the rooms to have a different feel.)
It really annoys me – not him – just me. I am a private person and will give out info to those that need to hear – mind you, I am writing a blog (anonymously?) but there are the ‘chosen few’ out there who know who I am.
We all invest years and tears into the characters of our novels. I personally believe that any good investment takes a bit of research and planning. The scene breakdown above is my way of hedging my bets. I hope it helps you, too.
Edited to add: The @NOOK_Care twitter feed provided me an email address to someone at B&N, and asked me to send them an email. I have done so, and will post any updates or replies that I receive.
Kids and pets are a huge responsibility. This is a great book for first time readers who love dogs. This great book can open up conversation with kids and parents in regards to caring for pets and also sharing pets. Lively illustrations bring this story to life. Simple sentences will have
When I walked into a shop that sold useless knick-knacks two older ladies with granny glasses and frizzy white hair smiled at me like an old friend they shared a bong with in the middle of Max Yasgur’s farm in the pouring rain covered in mud chanting for the rain to stop waiting for the great Santana to take the stage. At least it seemed like they were looking at me like that.
sprinkle the discs with baking soda
Now I did say I had a dishcloth update as well lol. I finished Dominic's cloth which was a Wimbourne Wasp one, a quidditch team featured in the Harry Potter books. He wanted a black and yellow colourway.
It’s the result of years of institutional investments by the corporate Right to advance a reactionary legal regime in America’s courts. In the process, the richest Americans now have their hands in both our legislative and judicial branches, while working America has become a voiceless stepping stone.
Christina was a standout among the rest. She would go on to perform songs that I made up starting from the time I was a teen. The first song being “Genie in a Bottle” on a day Bob Geldof came to visit. Kurt Cobain and Tom Cruise dressed me in a belly dancer outfit for some reason which inspired the song.
Transquotation:
Infantry Corps, explaining why our
it was before your face.
What do I have to do? Basically just pick a favourite quote from the book, write it on a piece of paper and leave it somewhere for others to find. Full guidelines for taking part in this or any SA4QE, and sharing your selections with this site, can be found on the Contribute page.
Burns Therapeutics under Development by Companies 11
From: John Deitering, Annandale
I sometimes toast the quinoa first, then bring to boil in seasoned water or a water/broth mixture, and simmer until water is absorbed (like rice).
So of course, my brain was like "OMG!!! Did my crazy daydream somehow actually come true??????"
Off to the warm up ring we go...
And a note to add:
He added: “Noah’s Ark Zoo Farm is happy to discuss the details of his illness with any concerned individuals.”
Folks, this story is just that, a story. It can not be substantiated or verified because it is…what did I just say….a STORY. In the justice system a person is innocent until proven guilty – in the literary world, a story is fiction until proven by several sources to be real. I hope you enjoy this story, I thought it was touching and reminded me of my own dog, Baxter, and how we struggled the first few weeks I brought him home after he was abandoned by his previous owner. He had a lot of attachment and trust issues we had to work through.
How can you claim to live for the purpose of God in your life yet all you care about is yourself and what you can get from life, yes life is meant to be enjoyed and lived, but with God being the centre focus of all we do and aim for in life. Surely God has to take preference in your life. When we focus and ask God to show us what He wants for us, He is glorified. I know many will say and feel that it is unfair and even boring to live for God, there was a time for me when it was frustrating to consider God first whenever I wanted to do something for myself but it becomes easier. Especially the more you understand and believe that God always prospers us and that every decision that comes from Him is good and will never fail. One thing is certain, if we are born again believers, we should not be selfish and want to live for ourselves. we see in the cross how Jesus died for the whole world, Jesus sacrificed His life so that we could gain life and true life in Him. Think about your spouse or your kids, you have to consider where you are going with your future and every decision has to include them and not just what you want. The best way to know that you are not just considering yourself and being selfish, is to go to God for your advise, seek His Word, spend time reading the Bible and let Him confirm the decisions you need to make. For many of us, this can become tiresome, but don’t you want to prosper?, don’t you want to make the right decisions?, you can bet your life on the advise Jesus gives you.
Magnet Mania architecture kit Beat Donkey Kong at Magnet Mania
I’m considering opening a physical shop for some years now. But, you know, money’s the problem, as always…
The decoupaged flower heads have a hint of stickles on them too, I used the same papers to cut out two butterflies from my tonic punch and made a trail behind them with the stickles too,
Hōjōki (“The Ten Foot Square Hut“)
Twenty years later, the Master attempted to sabotage the fragile peace, but was thwarted by the Doctor and Jo Grant.
- Josy Rose nail heads
La Maison Symphonique de Montreal
Her deck was turned slightly toward us. We could see groups of the almost 1,500 people still aboard, clinging in clusters or bunches, like swarming bees; only to fall in masses, pairs or singly, as the great after part of the ship, 250 feet of it, rose into the sky, till it reached a 65- or 70-degree angle.
For dinner, Jarrod helped me prepare a garlic-lime grilled chicken recipe that I had found off of The Pioneer Woman's blog. I had never made it before, but I had heard good things about her recipes, so I thought why not! And it turned out wonderful! We paired the chicken with corn relish, baked beans and crescent rolls. It was certainly yummy. And may I just say that it is so nice to have a husband that enjoys cooking. Not only is it a huge help, but I love just spending that time with him.
But the award for Best Ice Cream in Paris goes to Berthillon. We made a trip to the Île Saint-Louis in the middle of the Seine, where the first Parisians are said to have inhabited. The streets are small here, the sidewalks narrow and an even tinier shop on Rue St. Louis sells ice cream (Berthillon is also sold in cafes everywhere in Paris--how convenient!). Berthillon opened its first store in 1954 and prides itself for not adding preservatives, artificial sweeteners or stabilizers to its ice creams.
Now I have to face the world alone again;
05. Keep It Greasy
Stamps/Images: Rose Bloom Digital Stamp Set
8) Hey, can i write a song about you? I will call it, “to the love of my life… you are so beautiful!” +
A recent human rights complaint has surfaced in BC, in regards to Earls Restaurant and the serving of their Albino Rhino brand ale. They’ve been making and serving the beer for 25 years but a woman, Ikponwosa (I.K.) Ero, has now filed a human rights complaint that the beer discriminates against albinos. There is a clip to watch as well as the news report.
"The tremendous activity and excitement in craft distilling has been increasing year-by-year," said Bill Owens, president of the American Distilling Institute. "Customers are looking to smaller producers for unique and more authentic spirits. Clearly, American craft distillers are only getting started, and this paper points to how far they can go.”
Rid myself of their inept, inefficient, sight.
Quick Plot (no spoilers): After a UFO crashes, the dead begin to come back to life and eat the living. A small military-type unit in the forest seeks to defend the people in the immediate area who are still alive.
We have of course been here before – in 1911, to be precise. And before that, in 1881, when the first part (the New Testament) of the Revised Version of the Bible, intended to adapt the King James version ‘to the present state of the English language without changing the idiom and vocabulary’, and ‘to the present standard of Biblical scholarship’ was published. This was the first authoritative English translation since 1611, and was a work of international co-operation, in which American Revision Committees corresponded with their British colleagues. Among the latter were the great biblical scholars such as Tregelles, Hort, Westcott and Scrivener, whose work over previous decades in producing new editions of the Greek texts of the Bible was one of the keystones of the Revised Version. (Read more on this undertaking here.)
May you experience ease and peace throughout your days…and watch out for those 2×4′s! They can be a humdinger!
Today’s guests include: Creative Cow Tech Guru Bob Zelin, Bryce Button-AJA, Colorist Alexis Van Hurkman, AutoDesk’s Smoke on Mac, Avid, NVIDIA, Tweek & Shotgun. Plus on “The Shakedown”: Editor/Blogger Scott Simmons, USC’s Cinematic Chair Norman Hollyn, Editor Colorist Steve Hullfish, Michael Suissa of B&H Studio, and Tao of Color’s Patrick Inhofer.
My heart condition is a hereditary one which doctors say has caused a blockage inside my main artery and this means that I will have to be very careful with diet and exercise for the rest of my life.
Bizarrely, the $2 billion paid to the Afghanis is roughly equivalent to the amount the UK pays India, allowing suggestions that we are paying for our own suicide. India's foreign policy interests and objectives are not ours, yet we are in effect paying to promote them.
Just the highlights- she confirmed my suspicion that these things are all entwined :). My back pain is because of supporting everyone else and not feeling supported OR making it a priority to put myself first and support myself. My back, quite literally, can't take it!!
With all of the bad weather we were expected to get this past weekend and tornado season just around the corner I took the time to create a "survival kit" for us to keep in the basement. I know the kit wouldn't really save us if a catastropic situation arose but I'd like to think it'd help out in an emergency situation. I personally do not believe in the whole the world is ending crap (see the article on Apocalypse if needed) but I do believe that you should be prepared for emergency situations at all times. Ether it be a terrorist attack, a snow storm or a tornado it's something to be considered. So here's a list of SOME of the things I had time to throw together, I have more things I'd like to add just don't have all of them quite yet, and I'm gonna need another tote!
About 99% of the time Jarod wins.
easy wheezie
Capitalists: doing the jobs Occupods won’t do.
One area where multinationals currently have an edge is promoting collaboration and the internal collision of ideas, which can yield surprising new insights and business opportunities. In many Chinese companies, traditional organizational and cultural barriers inhibit such exchanges.
As you can see, Islamic law permits the believer to utter statements that are not completely truthful, if doing so would accomplish a purpose that is countenanced by sacred law.
To make a profit for the organisation that sponsors the prize. This may be a commercial venture or a social enterprise venture.
It’s fair for opinion to be divided here, but I’m not so sure most audiences members picked up on Weaver’s voice earlier in the film. A lot of people didn’t even recognize her when she narrated Planet Earth (me included). And anyway, it’s Sigourney Weaver. She’s awesome.
cards from there and put together my own makeshift
How could researchers from 4 different universities located on the opposite ends of Pacific Ocean, about 9,000km (5,500 miles) apart bluff their way in identical ways, fooling their respective taxpayers into believing they know their science? Is there a common link between Japan earthquake researchers, and their counterparts in Western U.S.?
Now, of course, he sings whenever I want him to. And the song, "A ciegas," ("Blindly") still gives me goosebumps, brings tears to my eyes. But I know that if I play it too often, the goosebumps will go away, the tears will stop. That's why I'm not going to send for the CD, although it would be so easy, with just a click.
Here's my good friend Jackie. I am pretty sure this is her second year donating in the drive. We went over to Heartland on Wednesday and she took one for the team! Thanks so much Jackie! Of course we then had to go out to lunch after cuz donating blood makes ya hungry, and taking a picture of a friend donating makes ya hungry too.
kumari is a conceptual artist based in Singapore and has contributed significantly to the artistic and cultural landscape of the country. Throughout her artistic practice, spanned over the last two decades, she has developed an extensive body of works, including paintings, sculptures and installations, which have been exhibited in Asia, Europe and the United States.
Hors d’oeuvres: Small savory dish, typically one served as an appetizer at the beginning of a meal.
FACT.
“On the first day I'll have the sweats; on the second the shakes; and on the third: DON'T LET ME OUT THE FUCKING ROOM!” She kinda gave a loving laugh. In relief and joy we laughed along too. Things were finally going to be OK.
Jeep Safari Tour in Ladakh: Jeep Safari Tour in Ladakh tour is very beneficial especially when you will explore the icy fields of Ladakh. July to October are the best months to experience this kind of adventure and this tour involves you trekking around the Suru Valley, Zanskar and many more. Another great destination that this tour would lead you to is the Karsha that is an amazing and well celebrated monastery. This is really one pleasant experience for most passionate trekkers. Jeep Safari in Ladakh is perfect to be experienced with traveling families as well.
specification. If they are both plausible, then OK.
Last night I sat and watched as parts of London were smashed to bits, set alight, looted. My husband and son were there (luckily safe, thank you for asking). I also followed the riots as they unfolded via Twitter--admittedly through the lens of the (mostly) bookish or journalistic people I follow. There I heard about more personal stories. Friends locked in and terrified by sounds of sirens and breaking glass (or by an ominous-seeming sudden silence--the calm before another storm?). Another friend told by a teenage girl who had just looted an i-Phone that 'I'm just getting back my taxes'. A whole road of Turkish people in Dalston who stood against the looters. Unconfirmed reports of restaurant guests who, when threatened by rioters demanding their jewellery, were defended by staff brandishing knives plucked hurriedly from the kitchens. A young woman escorted to safety by gallant youths 'because you're a girl, innit?' Motorbikes pelted with stones amid cries of 'who's next, man?'. A Waterstones bookshop left untouched, but a Gay bookshop smashed. There was a lot more--I merely give you snapshots. I didn't look at Facebook much, after I heard that an event page had been set up, inviting people to the 'riot party'. (I'm pretty fed up with Facebook at the moment, actually. It's turned rather nasty over the last weeks, what with the vile online bullying of my friend Amanda Craig, and some very unpleasant 'class-hatredy' comments about Horatio Chapple--the wretched 'polar bear' boy.) But I digress....
The report discusses:
A big thank you must also go to Matt for taking the time to run the competition, particularly during what must be a really hectic time for him as his new Joe Hunter novel is launched.
After Britten and Freeman explain this to Captain Harper, she tells them that an FBI agent who has been on the Gemini Killer case since its beginning will be flying in to join the investigation. We then meet the FBI agent, Elizabeth Santoro, on the phone with her ex-husband arguing about custody of their daughter. She tells Britten that she has been in Portland writing a book on the case, and that one detail of the murders they didn't make public was that the killer always left a two dollar bill in the victims hand. Since Britten's victim didn't have one, they definitely have a copycat killer. Britten asks her what Portland is like, and Santoro tells him it always rains, like London with hippies.
Shouted Black Pudding!
We saw some "Igeltanrek" (sorry I don't know the English word xD) who are kind of a very cute, small hedgehog which you can keep at home in a terrarium (yes it is legal and okay to keep them like that!)
Next, and by next I mean hours later, we got to the Badlands. Oh this place, everyone must go there (well everyone must go to all the places I went, they're national treasures). They just appear out of no where, it makes you wonder how scary this place was for travelers in the 19th century coming in ox cart. Anyway the Badlands were formed by wind and water erosion in clay rich soil and are actually slowly moving. There is another set of "badlands" in Theodore Roosevelt NP in North Dakota as well. Read more about this crazy beautiful place here on wikipedia or of course the NP website. While we were there I bought us a National Park pass, which I suggest everyone to get, its good for a year and grants access to all the national park/monument/wilderness area/forest/etc that you have to pay for.
Tensions had been heightened at the beginning of the decade by regular reporting of scenes at Sangatte, home to the newly opened Channel Tunnel. By 2002, it had become home to a ramshackle refugee camp attracting thousands of would-be asylum seekers, and people traffickers exploiting their dreams of a new life in Britain.
"It's cold out there, isn't it son"?
My lover wears hope on his arm.
The community room at our current library is continually in demand for meeting space even though it can only hold about thirty adults. (More children crowd in for Story Time.) The new library will have a community room that will hold one hundred people with sliding doors to divide it into two rooms for smaller groups. It will have an outside door, making it accessible when the library is closed. These are only a few of the improvements that will benefit our community.
-You run out of wipes while changing your baby in a public restroom so you carry them to the sink and use a wet paper towel instead.
I could have just poured it in a glass and drank it. It was amazing.
So by the time soccer practice rolled around this evening, Momma was tired.
And yes, that is my new sewing COMPUTER sitting right up there like the Queen of the May. I'm still in the admiring stage. Soon, I will have to break down and actually sew something.
Friday Night Lights
Down at the start of the beach was a run down cafe and it certainly could have done with modernising.
Okay, remember my last MAC lipstick and how much I loved it? Well it's still great and all, but I've discovered the shade is a titch toooo dark and it is just a little toooo drying to wear regularly. And because of my short attention span, if I don't wear it regularly, I pretty much don't wear it at all. But this, my friends, this is the real deal.
2 cups arborio rice
Unfortunately appropriate scripture verses do not come to mind when they are the most needed. For this reason the holy Word must be read, studied, memorized so that we would be able to give an answer to those who would withstand the truth. I cite these two verses from Colossians. First it is 3:16. “Let the word of Christ dwell in you richly in all wisdom, teaching and admonishing one another.” Then in 4:6, “Let your speech be always with grace, seasoned with salt, that ye may know how ye ought to answer every man.”
But the room just feels a bit blah even with all that yellow. Maybe if the yellow had been peacock blue or purple instead I wouldn't even have thought about it. But as it is right now, it's the first thing I thought of (and the inspiration for this post).
In my heated van, I snuggle deeper into my knee length, fur lined hood down coat. I start thinking of percentages. 10% with warm coats, 60% in hoodies, 30% in SHORT SLEEVE SHIRTS!
Factors to Consider on Choosing LCD TVs
Are you saying that my head is huge, if my neck is super skinny?
3. Turn on the Water
So many of my classmates and friends were kind enough to volunteer to help me. Brian, pictured here, my mom, and my friend Chris from home stayed with me until security asked us to leave at 1 in the morning! I returned at 7 am to finish the rest. Thank you mom, Chris, Brian, Tom, Lindsey, Brittany, Kari, Judith, Ashley, and Sasha for your help! Could not have done it with out you! Battle wounds. I think we all had blisters by the end of the day.The installation was completed 30 minutes before the opening at 4! Time for gallery set up for our guests.My table was all set and looking pretty. In the box below are the 3d stereographs I made for the opening. (Everyone said I had to have a 3d camera. I’m very proud of my -18 degree method to fool the 3d viewers. If you’re wondering how I did it I will be more than happy to tell you all about it!)The flowers on the right were sent by my cousins Ginger and Jessie They arrived 10 minutes before the opening! How sweet!The grapes and sparkling juice I brought in for the opening. Both my mom and my dad made it in for the opening!I put the flowers from Ginger and Jessie by my tambourines in my living room.Sunflowers! My father brought these up for me. Sunflowers are my absolute favorite (if you can’t tell).Matthew could not make it to the opening because he is living in Maryland (and I will be joining him soon!) so he had his sister Crystal bring these for me. She said to me, “He does realize that his sister is the one writing this note for him, right? I had no idea he was such a romantic!”My mother gave me this lovely notebook. I love the saying on the cover!These photos are from the day of my defense. I brought in more yummy snacks and drinks. Ashley Deyo took these photos of me after I got my high pass.Last Friday Matthew’s work was cancelled so he drove all the way up from Maryland (and arrived at 4 in the morning) to see my installation before I had to take it down.
My heart is broken. My husband, who has had him since he was just weeks old, is crushed. And BB is at a complete loss as to how to say goodbye. He can’t even think about it without crying. And as a parent, that’s just another thing that makes this so hard. I can deal with my grief, but helping my son deal with his is more painful than I could have expected.
To make him disappear just so?
I practice much
Deora Frances Bodley, 20, San Diego, Calif.
“There’s no maintenance, so things break down,” Harry explains, of the many devices that could be fully functional if it weren’t for the impossibility of replacing basic spare parts, or calling out a service engineer to a rural hospital on a regular – or even emergency – basis.
We hope that everyone will settle in comfortably to their plots and enjoy the season as much as possible. This year we will have a group of stewards to try to lead the management of the garden. But as always, the entire garden community will continue to carry out the day to day operations and care of our beautiful garden.
The ottoman was a freebie, but it was "pleather" and my cats had shredded
As the scene shifts to Jerusalem, Absalom has entered the city and taken reign. At the advice of Ahithophel, Absalom pitches a tent on the roof and had sex with all of David’s concubines, in full sight of all Israel. Nathan’s prophecy in chapter 12 has been fulfilled!
In a mixing bowl, mix together flour, yeast, water and salt together. It comes out as a very sticky dough. Cover the bowl with silver foil and keep it at room temperature to rise for 18 hrs.
You would be surprised in this day and age how often we still hear this. A couple times a week. So is she? By medical definition...yes she is. By society's definition? No, that would be you. Thanks for playing.
2/22/11 From The Lord, Our God and Savior - A Letter Given to Timothy, For All Those Who Have Ears to Hear
GRAVITY by Melissa West (October 2012, Entangled Publishing)
How does a contempt proceeding against the executive branch work?
It was a weird day at work- for one, to go from 70 hours a week to 30 hours a week is quite strange, but to have to try and cram 8-9 hours worth of work into 5.5 hours is messed up! So it was a strange day and I got home and it was still light out which was weird. I go to check the mail (looking for more jewelry supplies I ordered) and there was a Rolling Stone mag. So I look at it, thinking it was the kid upstair's mag, and I notice it's got my name on it. I never read Rolling Stone- BUST mag only here- so I would never have ordered it, but I recognize the Lennon cover as a recent issue I happened to leaf through while at work over the holidays.
Why, indeed?
Linking with:
Metallica Enter Sandman US
-Add the ginger garlic paste and curry leaves.
Follow Me! (1 entry)
What then is faith?
BBQ Blog PartyI just learned about a BBQ blog party going on at Coming Down the Mountain this weekend. Be sure to pop in and find some other new blogs. I'm bringing fried chicken and pop. What will you bring? Go on, get over there now.
Connar turned to him, a curious expression on his face. “You know those two?”
MH: Besides the Milkweed Triptych what else are you working on?
Andre 3000 - 35
The expansive woodlands of northern New England and upstate New York have long supported a vital forest products industry, provided habitat for abundant fish and wildlife, and are home to rivers and streams that supply water for the populous cities of the Northeast. Dozens of collaborative partnerships exist within the landscape ranging from the New England Governors Blue Ribbon Commission on Land Conservation, which addresses conservation on a multiple state-scale, to single watershed or sub-watershed collaboratives. Federal agencies have worked in partnership with states and local stakeholders for years to focus and combine their resources in a number of targeted areas where opportunities exist to maximize the conservation benefits of federal funds.
I will never understand why news providers care who displays their content because getting it displayed is their reason for existance.
Hope you like them too!
Despite my few “rules” on festival survival, a festival truly is about enjoying friends, music, the outdoors and beer (in no particular order). So, really just have fun and who cares what you are doing. If you want to do a silly Irish jig – knock yourself out. I guarantee that most peole do not care what you are doing. If they do, so you give them a laugh. And, it’s a festival so there is undoubtedly someone somewhere doing something much more ridiculous looking than whatever weird dance move you’re trying out. In sum – get out there and bust a move, cut a rug, get low, shake your moneymaker, or whatever it is you do.
I sometimes want to recant on my coexist/why can’t we all get along position. If Fundamentalist Christians and Fundamentalist Muslims started getting along, all Hell would break loose. My God, they would be collectively unbearable, always up to some kind of bull shit together. Burning American flags because of Homos in the Military, then burning witches when they get bored with that. Running around in Africa, converting everyone and everything they get their hands on. Gay Prostitution would be the wealthiest industry in the country. There would be houses full of hustlers everywhere, advertisements for them underneath McDonalds Billboards. God Bless America!
Write to: editor@thesouthafrican.com or leave your comment below.
and more to be announced!!
The obedient clouds – after purging the atmosphere and wiping away the dust – slowly retreated and presented us with a Carl-Sagan sky! An added bonus, the Ursid Meteors, darted across the stage at random moments during the darkest part of the eclipse! We cocooned ourselves in blankets and marveled at the spectacular show that presided over the tropical landscape!
Then let the real English ‘mentor’ defend himself and his support network from a thorough investigation, its then up to the police to break that man unless someone knows everything anyway which could be why there has been a white wash of the whole case from the beginning.
Most friends and some associates know that my political views lean to the left and they assume I’m against the ownership of guns but this is not true. I am a firm believer in the Second Amendment – commonly referred to as “the right to bear arms”. However, I also believe the interpretation of the amendment is grossly misunderstood.
Hello and welcome to my last post on Graduation cards. This is the third card, going to my niece who will be heading off to Junior High.....and it's a Peachy Grad card. I am entering this card into the Peachy Keen Stamps challenge. The challenge is to make a card using your own back ground.
“Oh, Him.” He was deliberating which chip to impale upon his fork; now really wasn’t the time for isagogics or theosophy. It was hard enough simply spelling them, let alone doing them, not that there was anything simple about spelling them. “Well, let’s see: his full name is Ubiquitous Eternity God, he’s a sixty-two year old unemployed song-writer living in California in a single room in The Brazil Hotel (it sounds grander than it really is), he’s got a fondness for Budweisers, massage parlours and walking out in front of oncoming traffic and stopping it with a wave of his hand while he crosses the road.”
The Sense of an Ending is a wisp of a book, it can barely be called a novel, but it is incredibly masterful. Barnes captures a moment, a feeling, a desire, in a way that is both poetic and engaging. As a reader, I floated through its pages. I was captivated, and entranced. There is something slightly mystical about the writing, surreal and yet genuine in its emotion.
It’s like a custom ringtone that’s charming, the perfect kind of Easter egg to make business cards the sort of thing you were obsessed with collecting (and a lot more fun than tiresome, it’s-really-just-a-URL, QR codes).
People engaged in the making of remote control airplanes at their homes usually are not aware of the advantages of the foam material used in it. Some people who are new in making of these airplanes find it hard with their limited knowledge. However, it is in your own interest to get the information about the pros and cons of the foam material used before you spend a lot of money on it.
Football
Whole Lotta Love
Oh, and then do the same with your query and manuscript!
This is my favorite room in the house. If I have a minute I come in here to think. In a couple months it won't be my room anymore, and we'll have to start moving out the cozy bed and put in a crib. Is there a weight limit on cribs? Maybe I can still come in here and read and think for just a few more months.
the horizon of men’s heads. As I age
This tattoo is on G.I. Joe's back
Of course, the back of the box has a description of all the characters, as well as a Nutrition Facts section. I kind of like the idea that Gandalf can only be 35 calories, don’t you? I guess the hobbits would only have about 15-20 calories.
As I told you yesterday, the workbench photo in that post was NOT an accurate representation of what my workbench looked like when I first arrived at the shop yesterday.
I am blessed in so many ways, for having people who love me with ferocity and no conditions. And I love them right back even more. And now, I get to write my good friend a sweet, thoughtful and fun letter. We’ll catch up and I will tell him how much I missed him and how much he means to me.
2012
I mentioned these to DJ yesterday and have been hounded ever since. I was too lazy to go to the grocery store and had Devil’s Food cake mix in my cupboard. So… here you go! These turned out to be delicious so I don’t regret my laziness. God works in mysterious ways.
Player: I scan the area for unusual energy signatures.
It is not only in films but also in award nights and fashion shows as well, where the celebrities are seen decked up in this traditional attire. Be it Kajol in ‘Kuch Kuch Hota Hain,’ or Karishma Kapoor in ‘Raja Hindustani’ or Rani Mukherji in ‘Hum Tum’ or Sushmita Sen in ‘Main Hoon Na,’ every one looked suave and gorgeous in simple chiffon and georgette saris.
Nicolas Cage/John Travolta (Face/Off)
The UK is collection of very wet countries. Situated in the west of Europe, and stretching up into the northwest, the UK is famous for its dreary climate. The country of Kernow may be relatively dry in comparison with the other countries in the UK, but it is still home to rain, rain and more rain.
Pressure cook the chopped/shredded beetroots. Keep aside
remembering to be merciful
The similarities with telecoms are non-existent. Firstly, you can live without telephone service, sometimes for months at a time. Then there's the fact that it's fairly east to get hold of flat rate telephone service plans, but a lot harder to do it for electricity. A bored and snotty jackass like yours truly can be bothered to ask questions about how an ESCO goes about doing what its being paid to do (note I didn't say business model, because I'm not sure that it's supplying electricity that's making Ambit's founders rich). What are the odds than anyone else wants to?
During the 1970s, and after his return to the UK from Australia in 1991, Murray has been often in the United States on speaking engagements and two of his best-known books, Jonathan Edwards: A New Biography(1987) and Revival and Revivalism: The Making and Marring of American Evangelicalism 1750-1858 (1994), reflect his close interest in American church history. While authoring several biographies (John Murray, A.W.Pink and John Wesley), Iain Murray’s main intention has been to use history to recover commitment to the doctrines of Scripture, particularly the doctrines of grace. He did this first in The Forgotten Spurgeon (1966), and again in Pentecost—Today?The Biblical Basis for Understanding Revival (1998). More general is his Evangelicalism Divided: A Record of Crucial Change in the Years 1950 to 2000 (2000), which, despite its controversial nature, became one of his best-selling hardbacks. Almost all his titles have been published by the Banner of Truth and remain in print.
One thing that I dislike about America (besides our reputation for being a nation unable to stop large-scale environmental disasters that we, in effect, have caused) is the fact that soccer is but marginalia in our sports encyclopedia. American club teams are treated like annoying little brothers. The New York Red Bulls? As in they give you wings? Un. Real.
For at least 10 years now, I had been using the mobile telecom services of Vodafone (and Orange and Hutch before the rechristening). Recently, owing to bad service and more, I ported from Vodafone to Airtel, taking three post-paid numbers to it.
The random access memory storage space for the normal hardware settings wоuld bе 1 gigabyte of space. The ultra settings would be double thе normal hardware settings and bе twо gigabytes.To process the data quickly еnоugh fоr the normal gaming experience thе Central Processing Unit speed wоuld bе аt the minimum оne thousand, ѕix hundred megahertz. For the ultra setthngs it should be аbove оnе thousand eіght hundred megahertz.
It was a perfect day to see the gardens. Their naturally austere and rectilinear nature is exaggerated to an extreme state of at this time of year. It is a garden, made of things that we think of as 'nature' - trees, grass, other plants, water. Yet it doesn't really feel like a garden, more like some strange abstract world of planes and lines. A giant minimalist sculpture.
"Sam, over here!" Her father thundered. "The stand's over here!"
M. C. Pearson graduated from San Jose State University with a B. A. in art, served as a multi-media illustrator in the United States Army, earning the rank of sergeant, and spent four years as a house parent for at-risk youth. Now married over 20 years, she homeschools her two children, volunteers with her church youth group, and runs a book review blog alliance (FIRST Wild Card Tours) while writing and drawing. F.A.I.R.I.E.S.: Baptism by Fire is her first novel.
These whole wheat noodles were coated with a sesame-peanut sauce and mixed with snow peas, carrots, cucumbers, and seitan. Delicious! I wish the book had more than 10 recipes, but I know it's intended to be a supermarket guide rather than a cookbook.
Last year, Representative Barney Frank, (D-MA) sponsored a bill, H.R.2306- Ending Federal Marijuana Prohibition Act of 2011. The bill would amend the Controlled Substances Act so that marijuana would no longer be considered a scheduled drug, allowing states to establish their own laws and regulations. The only federal authority that would remain would be prevention of marijuana traveling over state borders in violation of the individual states’ laws.
Good Luck to you all with this challenge!
This is probably the corniest disaster movie I have ever seen in my life. I didn't think such a thing was possible without Irwin Allen somewhere nearby, but I guess Ronald Neame will do. The director of this disastrous disaster is ALSO the man who lensed films like The Prime of Miss Jean Brodie, The Poseidon Adventure, The Odessa File, and even two great Walter Matthau films (Hopscotch, First Monday In October). That being said, Meteor looks like something that has the earmarks of a made-for-TV movie with a cast that would have made Michael Todd salivate. Even when buildings collapse, subways crumble into muddy blobs and explosions bloom here and there, there's something kind of "off" about what's happening in front of us. I have a theory about that, but I'll get there....
When sheep are hefted they stick to their area of the fell, and the ewes show the lambs where that area is so that the knowledge passes from generation to generation. The Marston's can't buy in sheep and introduce them to the hefted flock, it is something they have to be born into.
appropriation and due process certification by the relevant
Moon looked at him but it was too late, Shag HAD seen it...and was shagging it!
Against GOP objections, Secretary of State Hillary Clinton has announced that the Obama administration is sending $147 million in funding to the West Bank and Hamas-run Gaza.
Welcome to my silly life
For anyone in the least interested in mapping film or indeed cinema in general, the Cine-Tourist is still adding material to his main site, on which he tackles films including Melville’s Le Samourai, Rivette’s Le pont du nord and the work of RW Paul in much greater detail. Take my word for it and have a browse- internet procrastination is very seldom more interesting.
So on my knees in church I am grateful for the present turn of events in my marriage, and I pray it may continue, although I do see that some of the difficulties seem to be part of my immortal soul and that these difficulties were at times made tolerable by my drunkenness.
Luckily I had the foresight to buy an extra walker for my mother for the upstairs area and, even though she can no longer climb stairs, it certainly came in handy today.
5 Seasick Steve - Never Go West
Support documentation TeAL supplied includes sample text that programme teams can adapt.
There’s much to be learned about American/British history inside this group.
The fact that the question – can we promote ecological sustainability through buying better things? – is taken seriously points to the absurdity of so much environmental discourse. We need to be clear: An industrial economy, no matter how green it declares itself, is inherently unsustainable. It is based on the use of nonrenewable resources and the hyperexploitation of renewable resources. In short, it’s based on drawdown. It’s a bit late in the murder of the planet to have to be saying this to environmentalists.
I had been tutoring for over two years when I lost my job. Not being too computer savvy, I called in my volunteer hours, as required, and right away the director asked “How are you” and I replied “Unemployed”. Again, “things happen for a reason”. She then proceeded to tell me about the summer VISTA position at the literacy council that I was selected for. While I couldn’t tutor students as a part of my VISTA position, (as VISTA does not allow for direct service) but I was growing again, learning new things, meeting people from all over (and getting new recipes too)! I thought I’d only do this for the summer while I searched for a new job, but the opportunities were dwindling and soon panic was setting in. When the organization was approved for a full-year VISTA, they asked me to stay and I did.
"Well, I didn't confront him... not right away. It wasn't until a few days later that I started wondering if his computer time was at all connected with his new... interests. I realized that he'd been acting strangely, almost secretively, whenever I checked in on him while he was 'working' at the computer. I started wondering what sort of people Russ might be in touch with, and if any of them were women, and how close they lived to us..."
porch and there was not a doubt in my mind he was
Over the past 9 months, I have worked really hard to lose weight and have lost about 20 pounds. This was my personal goal. I began taking better physical care of myself after receiving some disturbing, not life threatening news about my health. Ironically, the news I received had nothing to do with my weight, but I took the news as a wake up call to start taking better care of my physical-self.
For God's possible is taught by His world's loving---
Exhibit A: Angry Bird with a Santa hat
Making the dumplings:
Speaking of NCIS, I've gotta say- forensics are awesome. I mean, if I ever went into science (YEAH RIGHT.) it'd definitely be Forensics. But that's never gonna happen, so we're safe. There'll be fewer unsolved crimes if I don't. XD
Bottom left ... 'Blackberry Jack' and 'Francois Verheart'.
Do you ever feel like you are reliving a moment in time over and over again? This is the third time I have had to say significant goodbyes and the last few friends are always the hardest because they are the ones that are closest. The ones who are there sharing the watershed with you as you say goodbye..thinking of all those special times you have had, thinking of how easy it has been to just pick up the phone, meet for coffee, lunch, dinner...all those things we take for granted until we know they are coming to the end. My daughters and I plodded onto our flight puffy eyed and a bit worse for wear this morning. They managed to do it in style and dawned the big sunglasses....and I just blew my nose and carried on with my pack of tissues close at hand. I think back to our first transfer in 1986 and the years that followed...waiting by the post for news from friends back home. As time went by the news came thru less and less but now...a whole new world has opened up to us. I am heavy hearted and weary yet optimistic because I know within a few days we will be texting, chatting on Facebook, blogging and sharing news of our holiday gatherings. My friends in Auckland will join the friends from other countries and the network will grow. What is encouraging for me is knowing that I will see them all again and when we do I will have picked up the phone, arranged to meet for coffee, lunch or dinner and it will be like time stood still for us all. They are those special friends that no matter where you are or how much time goes by we will always be there for each other. With that thought..I smile and look forward to seeing them again, soon :)
But with clothes it is quite different. There are times I still want to wear what I want; but the question of what you can wear becomes more charged and complex as you age. And who is making that decision anyway? The fear of dressing inappropriately and landing on the pages of the worst-dressed list lurks like some ghastly specter around your closet. You ask yourself: Do I really need another accessory? Can I still wear shorts? Can I still wear red jeans? Can I still pull it off? Is it ... too much?
Kale is one serious vegetable. This veggie packs a punch and is loaded with beta carotene, vitamin K and lutien as well as some good phyto-chemicals that are said to have potent anti-cancer properties! If you’ve never tried it, give it a go, your body with thank you for it.
Have you tried looking in the mirror? Are you one of those people who, almost every day of their lives, deal with skin problems like acne, wrinkles and other skin related condition? You may not know it but the little things you do or don’t may slowly ruin your skin. Apart from this, water helps in distributing important nutrients all throughout the body. In order to avoid getting wrinkled and unhealthy skin, here are some ideas that could help you out.
With that said, MFT has to be the best company out there to "work" for, and I am so grateful for the last 6 months! It has been a blast creating with their stamps! Hopefully when (if!) things ever slow down, Kim will consider letting me come back! ;) I'm still on the team through the end of January, so I'm not done with them yet! ;)
1. For Mother's Day I _________
They lived a long, loving life together.
The report makes some highly questionable claims on Wales's transport system and makes the basis for the bid a building rather than financial expertise plus its difficult to read because it's so full of flannel - did Edwina or her Department chief see this report before it was sent?
Lamenting the loss of food skills in our culture has become a cliched refrain, but it’s also absolutely correct. Industrial food culture, of course, encourages this de-skilling—how else to sell more Big Macs, frozen chicken nuggets and Lite Delite Dinners? And the worst part of all is the impact it’s had on our health—and the health of our children.
Our next challenge here at the Sisterhood is going to be quite easy. All you have to do is create a card or project using at least one flower on it. I don't know about you but using just one flower is kind of like trying to eat just one Lays potato chip! ; )
It is come to my mind that Malaysian political environment needs a lot more improvement, especially with current so called “dual party” system (even not so dual with uncertainties in Pakatan Rakyat). What happen in this dominant system is that the pro government will always support the government and talk bad about the opposition and so do to the opposition side will never accept any efforts made by the government.
H/t Olaf K.
9/19: Minneapolis, MN @ Triple Rock Social Club *
The Split itself
And if not, why not? Are you running ragged at the moment between kids, husband, and work? Maybe this is someone who wants more than he/she is saying. Someone who wants to go to lunch so she can complain about her boyfriend? Is this a male friend who constantly pushes to change the relationship? Or perhaps your mother wants to needle you into another blind date?
Pam Wardell, a drama expert based in Edinburgh, does a wonderful production of Brian Wildsmith’s version of The Sun and the Wind.
Switching between "compose" and "HTML" seems functional. That's a vast improvement. Let's add a photo.
I like to think of the electrical world as being composed of a few "continents". One continent is certainly electronics: computers, calculators, TV, radios, audio amplifiers, electronic music, and the many electrical toys we're surrounded by. Another continent, certainly a very important one, is power: generation and transmission. For the most part, these continents don't touch - except where your electronic device connects into the power generation and transmission system. There are not many components that these two continents share. I can think of only a handful: wires and connectors, sure, but also motors. From the giant electric motors in diesel electric locomotives to the tiny "vibrator" in your cellphone - the silent ringer - motors occupy big places in both continents.
Whenever I see someone in trouble, I help them if I am able to. We must all do that on a regular basis. This country needs to help one another and bring back caring for each other.
Cinco de Mayo, translated into May 5th in English is a holiday held in the United States and some parts of Mexico. It is held in honor of Mexican culture, heritage and pride.In college, Cinco de Mayo is a complete party night.Anyone who know’s me, knows that I will find any excuse to go shopping. So in honor of Cinco de Mayo, I shall shop!
How about you? Do you like one side more than the other? Do you wish one side would function in a different way for you? Why do you feel that way? Can you see how the left brain and the right brian work together to make your writing what it is? Can you see the contributions from both sides?
“Hi,” said the guys approaching us confidently.
The first “home show” was a great success - Andy says there will be more and he hopes the idea catches on with Cairns music lovers.
There you go. 3 1/2 lbs of chicken (cost me about $9), cooked once, made into 3 dinners and several lunches. This chicken would be great for tacos, enchiladas and even my bbq chicken salad sandwiches.
How about you? Do you need to recharge between projects?
Black patent slippers: Talbots
“Yes, I know. Everybody always is,” the woman spoke blankly to the whirling air around her.
Each morning that I run I always break to do walking lunges across a bridge on our property. I have only just begun to be able to complete the entire length without stopping. I have never counted my steps before but for some reason today I did. As my steps grew harder my counting grew louder and more pronounced to help remind me that I could do it one step at a time, until I reached the end at 52. 52! I smiled to myself. How coincidental! But my mind couldn't let it go. I went along running and thinking about this coincidence.
Reading these books comes as a shock as it’s an eye-opener in which they wrote a lot about Jesus and the Christians and it’s not pleasant to realise just how perverted and hateful these Zionist "sicko’s" are. They have such hatred towards the Lord Jesus Christ that they’ll stop short of nothing to blot and besmear Jesus.
Ladies and gentlemen, do remember that: Boys (especially MDs) will come and go but family and true friends will stay.
1 english
Normally when a blogger doesn't post for, say, a week. They have a good excuse.
Because there are small signs he is getting better, because he is actually working with his counselors, because he does sometimes try the skills they are teaching him-- everyone says there is nothing else to do but what we are already doing.
But right now I'm going out to look for some Bordeaux!
It figures... I'm totally inspired and I have so much work to do that I likely won't be able to scrap until we are off to our vacation. We leave in roughly 36 hours. Yipes! And I haven't packed a thing. At least I've made lists though. We definitley don't want to forget anything - especially any of the medical stuff we have to take from now on. I'm hoping the letters from the doctors saying that my son must have access to lots of fluids and takes a medicine that must be dissolved in 8 ounces of fluid (we put it in a Pediasure) will make getting through security with more than the 3.4 ounces of liquid just a bit easier. I hope.
Nattygeeks, if you can relate to this at all, regardless of what you believe, change yourself. The person you are and what you are capable of doing is directly related to how/what you think about yourself. Start small…take that small doubt, the “maybe I can’t” and turn it into “maybe I can”. Transform your thinking. (Rom. 12:2) I hope this blesses you, nattygeeks. I hope it inspires you. At the very least, I hope it helps you understand a little about me. Be blessed and continue on in your God-given destiny.
I ripped the edges of a piece of brown cardstock and inked the edges with a brown dye pad. I also ripped the photo and another piece of inked cardstock and layered them onto my 8" x 8" patterned page to form the background.
Near 11, a man comes into the ER saying there's someone outside who may not be breathing. The nurses hustle outside with Security and they bring in the patient on a gurney. Wow, excitement!
"You know I really hate repeats."
A lot of the children I work with do not have loving caring parents who help them feel safe, cared for, and understood. Their parents are in crisis and they cannot be there for their children. When I help these children create what they envision in my Art Therapy studio it gives them that deep need for connection. Creating together tells them that they are heard, seen and cared for by an adult. It helps them develop empathy on a somatic level.
The local provincial ANC-MEC for social development Weziwe Thusi ( +27 033 341 9600) condemned the murder of the Dutch woman 'in the strongest terms'.
Lesson 3: There are a lot of lessons to be learned in the course of doing a triathlon and as a complete noob, reading an article or discussing certain aspects with more experienced triathletes can help shave mountains of time from the completion time and also help finish races feeling good.
It took the kid a while to respond. He was still getting over the shock of the whole thing. New people, new job, new planet. Shit can be tough.
Are the Darlingtons hoping to find 18-year-old Maggie a wealthy husband? Is that why newly moneyed Teddy Fitzhugh, whose father recently drowned in the sinking of the Titanic, has been invited to stay? His visit-and the complete change in Maggie’s personality since her return from a year abroad in France-gives the ever-curious staff even more reason to gossip than usual.
Second, Jay Chiat took a trip to Great Britain and discovered account planning.
Number eight hung on for the first day and the owner quickly made a deal with her. Amalia had chosen her rider. That did not mean that she would not throw her off on occasion, only that she liked her better than the others.
The idea behind the investments from the company’s point of view is that they can buy the land in order to farm the goods growing there. These range from corn to palm oil and all other varieties of food and fuel belonging to the region.
Prisma Pencils:- Dust LF149/ Jug & Ribbon & Shoes LF129 Dress & Wings LF217.
Further from the bad quality from the league players, coach Pitso Mosimane called closer cooperation from all stakeholders to ensure the national team is thoroughly prepared for the their games. There is risk of failing to qualify for 2013 Africa Cup of Nations and the 2014 Fifa World Cup starting in June this year. What am I talking about by saying risk? The team has not qualified for the current tournament, so it is actually more normal to fail to qualify.
For my project today, I used........
I marked the 25-year anniversary of Kate’s death by writing briefly in my blog about it.
I was with President Kimball once some years ago when, in a small group, he told the story of his courtship and marriage to Camilla Eyring. They only knew one another for a short time. I'm even hesitant to say how short the time was before their marriage. He told of meeting this beautiful young schoolteacher who had come to the community, and in the course of a few weeks they were married. After hearing this, one young man in the group later said, "Well, if President Kimball can find somebody and be sure in that short of a time, I guess I can do that."
3 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice (from about 1-2 lemons)
06 Choctaw Boogie
Looks like, I've spend too much. I now just realize. Oops. I must stop now but can't promise.
Claire Lyons was an innocent, frightened girl on her wedding day, seeking chaste comfort from a childhood friend. Now, years later, she has blossomed magnificently and has returned to London with one goal in mind: the seduction of her notorious husband. Unskilled in the sensual arts, she burns nonetheless for the kisses too long denied her. And she has but one Season to win back the heart of the rogue she betrayed.
How is everyone else doing?
So, with 172 days to go, here is my very own 30 Before 30 Project:
Designer jeans that anyone could afford was a movement away from dresses and such for a number of years before sunglasses bid goodbye to their nearby stores asking for more recent designs, and there is truly something for everyone, in every occasion. While the calvin klein cosmetics company and more varied and diverse as time goes along, giving women the calvin klein advertisments it long enough for things to sizzle, no? For that, it has to be recognized worldwide, especially after the calvin klein oxidized of its products.
1. Life's too short, and
We’ll be celebrating by grilling healthily, going for a walk, cycling in the countryside and having several healthy infusions!
- The winner will receive 2 (*or 3) Little Miss Muffet Stamps digital images of their choice from the shop. (*if the winner chooses to join us for the next challenge they can choose a third image).
I have had a slow cooker (aka crock pot) for at least 5 years and have never used it. Since a CTLB gave me The Everyday Low Carb Slow Cooker Cookbook last year, I figured it was about time I cracked it open and tried a recipe out of it. The thing I had to be careful of was that low carb doesn’t mean low in points. In fact, the original recipe was over 10 points per serving, which seemed really high, so here’s my modified version.
This quote just sums up so much of what is wrong in the world still that I had to include it.
We have allowed this blog to fall horribly behind. It gets to a point that you don't want to post because its been so long, but we need to post to remind ourselves why we've been so busy. There's not enough space or time to write about it all, so I will have to rely on pictures.
I love the way the top is flowing silk, which reminds me of traditional Asian garments, but also something more. Is her sleeve becoming a crane, or has the designer hidden the girl's arm? This wonder will encourage several to pick up the book and see what it's about. I know it made me curious!
Karen: "Yummy. It's the best cupcake I've ever had. A wonderful chocolate treat."
Live up, live in deep
It all begins with a stupid question:
ps…. I’ve been getting requests for more video. I’ve got a borrowed cheepass flip cam. It hasn’t got a tripod fitting and it is impossible to “shoot and do” stuff. Even pictures are hard enough. I’ve done a few tests and they are awful… but I’ll try again.
My observation on the back: OK, maybe Topps was trying to stick with the pleasant stuff, but the stats just cry out for an explanation. He plays just 5 games a year after getting 177 hits and all you can talk about is his grandfather?
Blend both mixtures together and add raisins and zest.
“Yes, sir!” The soldier saluted again and turned on his heel to do his general’s bidding.
It was then on to the home of Elizabeth and Tom Carr with whom we were staying overnight. Elizabeth is the daughter of our old neighbours from France, and our frequent host in this Minnesotan city.
To Nathan Horton....you are an amazing athlete! May your strength and endurance that you show in hockey carry through in whatever lies ahead.
Bon Voyage!
I just wanted to tell you
In a very deep, husky voice, the woman next to him says, "Before you tell that joke, sir, I think it is only fair... given that you are blind, that you should know five things:
Hi Readers — The other day, a toddler at an Applebee’s was accidentally served alcohol instead of juice. It’s appalling — the mom said she knew something weird was going on when he started saying “Hi!” to the walls — but the bottom line is: The child was unharmed and this was one single incident. In fact, it was an incident so modest and local, it is bizarre that it made the news. It’s not like this was a terrorist attack. It was one stupid mistake. But as a result, Applebee’s went into OMG mode (probably out of fear of lawsuits as well as bad publicity) and from now on, it says, it will re-train all its employees and use only SINGLE SERVE juice drinks.
- Support national and regional human rights mechanisms to ensure the inclusiveness of LGBTI issues in their protective and promotional mandates
Sure, I will admit that the bible does mention some things that did happen in history, such as the fall of Jericho, but nowhere in the historical records does it even come close to coinciding with the accounts of the bible. So either the bible is wrong or history is. However, nowhere is there any reliable evidence for the story of the Exodus and Moses. The Egyptians kept records on how to make beer and how to brush their teeth, but they never once mentioned that they were using an entire nation of people as slaves to build their monuments. All evidence points to Egyptian citizens that were used to make them, and they were not treated as slaves, quite the opposite.
Someone great
Love and abundance begets love and abundance.
and then, and then,
that's good for you isn't always good for me.
Shaping and Baking the Moon Cakes
"Are you alright?"
Did you see anyone suspicious on the plane
Now we’re breaking it down 8 chapters at a time and asking all the tough questions like “Why is Lockwood such an idiot?!” Yep. The good stuff.
If everyone is dealing with hell in their lives, why is it that Christians, people who are supposed to bring life, want to give people more hell.
Lastly, I've been painting a lot. I realized a while ago that I might not be able to recreate photographs, so I gave up. But I realize now that that doesn't mean I can't paint at all. The whimsical stuff turns out pretty nice! Fish are my favorite.
He called for conserving water as global warming has started playing havoc and water is shrinking
My current obsession is "layering layers of paint", something I learned at an online workshop with Julie Prichard. This technique was new to me and I love to combine it with other techniques and materials and use it in journals, books, canvasses, ATC's, etc. This is a detail of an ATC.
Revd Bilkin gave a short nod and emptied his glass in one bitter swill. “Yup, spiders,” he said, never meeting Obadiah’s gaze.
Row 12-25- Repeat rows 10 + 11 alternately. Ending with row 11. Do not join on last row.
Let me say a few words about each of these.
the only thing you could do--
"let me ask you a question. how do they (fill in the blank)?"
Doreen Illingworth (Lab) 1762
-he loves to be outside and will go over to the glass door and point that he wants out
The Radical Homosexuals infiltrating the United States Congress have a plan: Desensitize/Indoctrinate an entire generation of American children with pro-homosexual propaganda and eliminate traditional morals/values from American society.
“That’s right, Bantum, remember what happened to Ibis. It almost killed his arm.”
The island is not very big and can be explored in about two hours at an extremely slow walking pace. Lady Elliot is a bird haven and I counted 20 different bird species with the White-Capped noddy the most prominent.
Ching played the exhibition for four months, then took vaudeville bookings on the Keith circuit. After a year, he was so wildly successful that countless imitators sprang up with similar names and acts. Among them were: Tung Pin Soo, Long Talk Sam, Han Pin Chien, Li Ho Chang, Rush Ling Toy, Chin Sun Loo and more than one of each of the following: Chung Ling Sen, Chung Ling Hee, and Chung Ling Fee. But the grandaddy of all these was…
Seeing little Bessie growing up makes me so sad my child bearing days are over. I do miss having such a little one in the house, I miss the breastfeeding and the sling wearing. I don't however miss the complete and utter tiredness that comes with it! I still haven't recovered from my broken nights with Tabitha!
Where did the time go
This is just a random blog to write. I'll dedicate it to my love, since he's the one made me better, in may ways, Though I'm always sick, he's always been there to make me smile. He encourages me to keep writing and to keep trying my best no matter what. He's been there, when no one else was and he still is. I cry a lot, from big things, little things, insignificant things, and pain, but he's still there talking to me and trying to make me smile all he can. He makes me strong. ^_^
My son brought up some good points and then applied them to our current culture. Then (hold onto your seats) he actually asked me what I thought about it and how I would have voted had I been on the jury (for the record, I would have been the reason for a hung-jury in that case).
I hope all rulers will be like (his older brother) Tuanku Pahang who goes to the ground especially when the rakyat is facing an emergency. If all rulers can play this role, it’s very good for the country because the rakyat will see they have a last resort.
The question is why?
Pop stars are arbiters of taste and behaviour and must take personal responsibility for the harm they have done to young people by creating degenerate images to make themselves millions. Young people identify with them and are beguiled by their rebellious and exciting poses. Those whose pictures they have on their bedroom walls are their role models.
and soon I'll be floating on a big giant boat!!!
And from many, many a village in the darkness of the valley,
For Cover
Love to hear the robin go tweet tweet tweet
First, my kiddy cabinet. It is filled with kid cuisine utensils, and it's my quick one stop shop for all things kid's in the kitchen. And that is no exception to their bibs. Which now hang right on the inside of the cabinet door as such:
The Civil War had left families broken in both the North and the South, orphan trains were bringing kids out West to work on farms where some of them were treated so brutally that they ran way rather than endure the harsh treatment. I’m sure there are others societal elements that contributed to the rise in crime amongst young people of that time, but, it was this particular darkness that struck me when I drove away from the castle.
Wait, I should probably tell you what’s happening. So they’re still going wherever the slaver Tvlakv— no really, how the hell do you pronounce that?—is taking them. Kaladin notices that they didn’t stop for their daily slop (that’s what the poor creatures get for food) and asks Tvlakv if he’s lost. He kinda is. Kaladin asks to see the map, and he … rips it to pieces.
Fred never stopped looking at her or let go of her hand. “It’s not a performance. It’s just a meeting of friends,” he said. He moved his hand from her wrist to her palm and extended his other hand to me. I took it, and then put my hand around her free hand. His hand was warm, hers was cool, and we bowed our heads, and closed our eyes, and I heard Deb’s voice calling out for the grace of God. What is grace? I’m not certain; all I know is that my heart felt like a spike, and then, in that room, it opened and felt like an umbrella. I had never prayed like that before, ever. I had always been a great prayer, a powerful one, but only fitfully, only out of guilt, only when fear and desperation drove me to it… and it hit me, right then, with my eyes closed, that this was the moment Fred Rogers–Mister Rogers–had been leading me to from the moment he answered the door of his apartment in his bathrobe and asked me about Old Rabbit. Once upon a time, you see, I lost something, and prayed to get it back, but when I lost it the second time, I didn’t, and now this was it, the missing word, the unuttered promise, the prayer I’d been waiting to say a very long time.
Please visit the other talented participants in this fun blog hop!
Fly out from SFO day. I couldn’t take this day off because it would put me over the 2 weeks time limit and thus would create all sorts of administrative problems. As a result, I was going to prepare and go from work directly. The good thing is that I could show-off all my hard-core backpacking stuff to my co-workers! Well, they weren’t really impressed.
First off, for our purposes,
But if there's one thing I should've figured out by now, it's that the forecast here is never right. The forecast will change drastically throughout the day and still manage to be off. They predicted snow yesterday, but said there would be little to no new accumulation. I'd say there were a good 4 inches of snow piled up out there during the day and it was still snowing hard when we went to bed. The forecast (which, of course, may or may not be accurate) is also calling for another 2-4 inches of accumulation tonight. I'm hoping that the chance of rain and above freezing temperatures predicted for later in the week don't pan out. I'd really like to spend Christmas day building a snowman and sledding.
Betty shakes the last cubes of ice from a shivering bag into a bucket and eases down onto the bar in front of me. Her low cut dress revealing a kind of heaven in a crease.
As for the rest of the cast, I’d really like to see Tina do a solo, Artie to get a meaty story and not have to hook him onto Quinn’s storyline… and Puck, what’s Puck been up to besides launching his pool cleaning business? I’m promised in this coming Tuesday’s episode the gang will team up to try and help Puck graduate high school.
Meeting point: 36th Street and Fourth Avenue, SE corner (near entrance to 36th St subway station, D/M/N/R trains).
I have a prince who is also chauffeur and chef!
2 straight
Aðalsteinn Guðmundsson (Yagya)
Everything moves so fast. One of my colleagues recently complimented me on being proactive. In response, I informed him that I always feel three weeks behind. And I was warned that as the release date approached, things would move at a frantic pace. What an understatement! Once again, I am humbled by the process. And I’m humbled by the warm support so many have given. Your patience has been tested, and the day has finally come for us all.
A short and sweet post for me as I have a thick head!
1) My biggest blessings are my kids and grandkids. I am nothing without them.
My review box arrived just at lunch time! I immediately took out my soups of the nicely packed box, still frozen and chose, New England Clam Chowder. This was by far the BEST clam chowder I have ever had! It will be worth it for me to drive 30 mins to the closest retailer of Kettle Cuisine just to buy a case of this soup!
Some get a fair bit of attention
This was a weird combo, but experimenting is fun! I took 3 lipsticks and just smushed them on my gob to see what the result would be. First I applied a layer of MAC Up The Amp, a pinky purple. Then I applied the tiniest bit of Rimmel Kate 04, a blackened purple. Finally I applied a liberal amount of MAC Summer Shower, which looks like a minty aqua colour in the tube but just shows up as a layer of pink and blue shimmer. I think I just used a bit of bronzer on the cheeks because I didn't know what the hell to wear with that lip combo XD
"Do you trust me?" "Yes." Good girl.
Kids Music Performance by Jon Samson
This morning I did Defined Lines for the first time and decided I had to do a post about it. I have really come to love functional workouts and this is an awesome functional fitness workout! Sometimes I get so picky about getting moves just right that I forget to be useful they should be fluid. Shaping muscle with proper form is very important but just as important is making those strong muscles useful in everyday movements. This workout feels like it does just that, yippee!
As I thought about it, I came up with three ideas, that when put together, will give you a full monthly/yearly blogging schedule:
"You might think that," he said, "But that's what's so great about grapes. They thrive on adversity, on the water rolling down the hill in a hard storm, on the wind whipping through. Think of the vineyards back in France. Can you think of a single one that's on flat land?"
I am a mirror that wants to incarnate
Little Miss Harper is a tough one to set down. She just so happens to get fussy as soon as I sit down at the computer, and her favorite time to be awake seems to be from when the boys go to bed (8ish) until she finally lets us go to sleep, around 11pm. Since those are prime blogging hours for me, it's just not happening.
I´m happily surprised with the sound on my masterrecording. Because it was outside and the park is quite close to the sea
The majority of the album was produced and recorded by Dave Fridmann, at his Tarbox Road Studios in upstate NY. It was Weezer’s 1996 ‘Pinkerton’ album and The Flaming Lips’ ‘Clouds Taste Metallic’ that initially attracted the band to Fridmann. "I first heard those records when I was a kid, like 14 or 15. I think that was the first time I was ever aware of 'production' really - they were so dark sounding, sonically, and had a lot of ambience and to my ears at the time that seemed so unfamiliar and interesting, I love the sound of those records” says Gary “and for both Steve and Dave, capturing a good live take is of paramount importance, both concentrate on having a band in the room playing together, but where Steve believes the band should do whatever they think is right and he’ll facilitate that to the best of his ability, Dave is hands on, he’ll encourage you to record interesting sounds, to experiment with sonic textures, to try things you wouldn’t normally do and be free in the studio.”
Vicki: That's a valid question. You're not the first to ask. Would you believe, we've talked to people who minimize their laundry by taking their old, ready to throw away clothes with them on a trip. After they wear them, the clothes get tossed in the trash!
I don’t get nervous at times like this. Apparently this is rare, or so I’ve been told by a few people. Speaking in public, on TV or radio doesn’t faze me at all and it started me thinking why does this not faze me?
it was easy for us to test
Oops - there's a little more work to do on the church. The blue applique needs to be stitched down.
This is the first film by Kevin Smith and it introduced us to the View Askew Universe. Smith has come a long way since this was released, but this is still a very good film.
calling us to awaken
made by others beings,
Yup, it’s happening. I’m changing the theme for Tuesday. I really feel the new one will be better for me and for you. The new theme is…
It’s not that she was particularly evil, it’s that teenagers really do stink sometimes.
Filling a gallery wall can be expensive, but framing a great print, postcard, calendar, fabric, photo etc. is my favorite way to add interest to walls without breaking the bank. (Like I did here and here.) For a gallery wall, I like to use varying sizes of items, so I looked for large prints first.
Happy Scrapping!
Did it look like the photo/drawing on the pattern envelope once you were done sewing with it? Yes
“All people are like grass, and all their glory is like the flowers of the field; the grass withers and the flowers fall, but the word of the Lord endures forever.” (1 Peter 1:24-25)
IF YOU, YOUR MOM, YOUR SISTER, YOUR BEST FRIEND got breast cancer would YOU really care who they were giving money to AS long as their efforts were going to help YOU (or your loved ones) get past this terrible disease and back to living a "normal" life? I didn't think so. I am walking so that my friends and family won't have to go through breast cancer the way so many others have had to. In 2011 I watched my best friend Glenna go through it. It wasn't fun, it wasn't pretty and it WAS VERY SCARY! She is doing amazing now! And I truly believe that through the power of prayer and the efforts of the Susan G. Komen Foundation she will live a long and healthy life from this point forward. My grandmother wasn't that lucky. She died of breast cancer around 13 years ago. I will never forget how scared I was to realize that breast cancer runs in my family! I remember thinking I want to do SOMETHING to make sure I don't have to go through this! Now I am....I am raising $2300 and walking 60 miles so women all over the world will be able to live a life without the misery of breast cancer!
On May 3, millions across American will exercise their spiritual beliefs and freedoms on the 61st annual observance of the National Day of Prayer as they pray for the nation.
The AuSud Media blog was set up for Sudanese Australians who completed the AuSud Media Project’s eight week journalism training course. This course was run by the Centre for Advanced Journalism at The University of Melbourne with the support of the ABC, AMES, the Sidney Myer Foundation and the Victorian Multicultural Commission. Its aim is to give Sudanese-Australians the skills to develop their own community media voice.
And, here you can see the western end of Campbell Lake, Pass Lake above it, and then Whidbey Island above that. The flat part of Whidbey, which you can’t exactly see clearly but is nonetheless visible in this shot, is NAS Whidbey Island, and thus you can literally see from the top of Mt. Erie where I was born, since I was born at the Naval Hospital on that NAS.
DHG 5/4
That peace is overcoming fear in the beauty of the night.
CoM: Do you expect the course might evolve into generic smartphone photography?
Combating Online Piracy while Protecting an Open and Innovative Internet
Days passed by, one day early in the evening she heard the announcement of free medical camp which is going to be conducted in her village. After hearing this news, she was quiet happy and she eagerly start waiting for that day. The day came when Kanakamma attended the Operation Blessings India camp. There she was examined to OB doctor for her problems. They advised to do some lab tests for checking her diabetes (blood sugar). After the test, she came to know that she was suffering with diabetes. Her blood sugar reading is 200 mg/dl. Then she consulted the doctor again and he prescribed necessary medicines for her. Operation Blessing India Counselor advised and counseled her about diabetic. They advised precautions and the diet which she has to take.
A gent of good intent
This is my first ceramics project ever! Yay. Pretty darn super happy with how it turned out. So this year in high school, I decided to take my first ceramics class to attempt yet another medium. (especially after my first experience in my first photo class which got me into the whole digital media stuff.) The teacher is really cool and there were a lot of cool projects he had for us. The first one, was to make a house. Of course, I wanted something cool and original. When I thought house, I thought “What is the coolest kind of house I can think of.” From there I thought of a castle, and then Howl’s Moving Castle (I love the design in this movie.) So I decided to make a moving monster castle/house. Complete with top hat. When it comes to ceramics and clay, one of my inspirations is a fictional character. haha. For those of you who read Naruto…. it’s the character Deidara. haha. I think this actually makes me kind of lame. But I love the little clay animals he makes in the show. Although, his artwork may be based off of a real artist that I don’t know…
Back at the hotel we got showered, fed and watched tv until 9.30pm when our train arrived to take us to Da Nang, a 17 hour sleeper train down half the length of he country. The train was comfortable and we slept until around 9 the following morning ready to tackle another town!
Released before they could afford to add The to their name, this is Oblivians debut vinyl release on Eric Friedl's own Goner Records. They had previously appeared on a split cassette release with fellow Memphis freaks Impala. The Oblivians' tracks from that cassette were later released on Goner LP On The Go, and if anybody could share that I'd be extremely grateful.
Something moving in – I taste it in my mouth and in my heart
I've used a Tilda stamp that I bought recently - she's called Hello Little Butterfly and I've had my eye on her for ages and finally gave in. She's coloured with promarkers and flexmarkers. The papers are Dovecraft, flowers are Wild Orchid, as is the little ribbon buckle. The lace is from The Stamp Basket, leaves were cut with a Stampin' Up die, sentiment is Cuddly Buddly, and everything else is from my stash.
Pours a deep brown. Moderate head that disappears making it look more like a Coke than anything else. Smells, I don't know, like a wanna' be stout. Tastes about the same. More hops than a brown should have, even an imperial, whatever that means for a brown. Otherwise it tastes like a slightly nutty standard stout.
Our products range entails broadly to waterproofing, concrete repair, floor coatings, anti corrosive coatings and sealants. Most of our products distinctly have atleast two to three characteristic properties that make them stand out amongst the competition. We believe in being “best in class” in all categories where we are present. Installation of these products is also technically backed by inputs from our in-house contracting division, thereby guaranteeing our customers a reliable and durable system.
Much of it is relatively small in the grand scheme of things ..
When the fries are finished baking, transfer to a paper-towel lines plate to drain some of the grease. Season with additional salt and pepper to taste. Serve warm.
That makes hearts flutter, soothes all pain.
There were 2300 registered companies that belonged to black businessmen, about 1000 private taxi companies. 3% of the 50,000 vehicle owners in 1978 were Mercedes Benz owners. Soweto alone had more cars, taxis, schools, churches and sport facilities than most independent countries in Africa. The Blacks of South Africa had more private vehicles than the entire white population of the USSR at the time.
Realize that having emotional attachments to things is not what God intended. Once you lose your focus, the pursuit of things often becomes the “why” behind what you do. Even those things that have sentimental value sometimes keep us holding on to the past. Consider the real reason you have old greeting cards, clothes that you no longer can wear, or that special something that you absolutely refuse to let go of. Challenge yourself to put your stuff in its proper place. Clutter can keep you from achieving God’s righteous purpose. Whether your clutter is physical, mental or spiritual God has called us to live a life of simplicity. Clutter can hold you back from reaching your goals. Old relationships, memories and things can keep you from being productive. God wants your life to be free from bondage, of any kind. Find ways to embrace something new; it begins when you let go of the past.
#28Put food coloring in your toilet tank. If it seeps into the toilet bowl without flushing, you have a leak. Fixing it can save up to 1,000 gallons a month.
Click here to watch a scene from Chopper:
I am not succeeding.
Talking about how to handle bullies and how parents and educators can provide needed support is critically important. Parents and educators need to take action to identify bullying that may be happening now, to stop bullying that is taking place and to prevent it from happening in the future.
Barry Manilow – Barry Pincus
Lots of talking that my swirly mind can't keep track of, then he's introducing blogger Joy Renee from Joystory. She sweeps onstage as my heart does a flippy flop.
* Paper Smooches stamp suggestions (Falling For You, Spiffy Scooters)
Since the demolition was scheduled by the state and not demanded by the court, the government has some flexibility in this matter. But the court must accept its request.
Dear camerado! I confess I have urged you onward with me, and still
Since the beginning of the Arab Spring, Saudi King Abdullah almost doubled his Kingdom’s budget, committing billions in subsidies, pensions and pay raises in an effort to keep his subjects from storming the palaces.
Hopeless, Dennis and Jamie McKelvie X-Men : Season One. 2012 Marvel Comics
Have you looked at your feet lately? Are they dirty or beautiful?
Mr. WNM is presumed dead. That's bad news for Federal agent Gina Russo whom he holds responsible for his brother's lifetime incarceration. He plots down to the last letter containing THE FINAL CLUE to get his revenge.
the may schedule had originally included 3 nyrr races, but a conflict has cut that number down to just two: the japan day 4 miler and the brooklyn half marathon. i had registered for the healthy kidney 10k, but my nephew's first communion is on that day - so i'll be in church, not central park, that morning.
George Michael – Yorgos Panayiotou
The magazine officially launches tomorrow (Fran's daughter's birthday in heaven, and just three days before Stevie's second birthday!), and I hope you will join us! You can find us on facebook here, or click the picture below to sign up for the newsletter.
I shot this in an amusement parlour a few weeks ago, with the permission of the staff. As soon as I saw the changing colours on these segmented platforms, each for a single player, I knew I had to take a shot. I chose my angle carefully, to include the silhouette on the right and the metal stool on the left.
Did President Barack Obama obliquely compare MA Republican Senatorial candidate Scott Brown to a Klan member today in Boston as he tried to fire up floundering Democrat Martha Coakley’s base? After lauding Coakley as being independent, he stated, “I hear that her opponent is calling himself an independent. Well, you got to look under the hood.” After a slight pause, the crowd laughed heartily and some audience members behind him looked at each other and appeared to exchange knowing looks.*
Country Music: DIY: Every musician can benefit from the example of punk rock music. And soon with the dissolving record label structure, many DIY ethics may be imperative to getting music heard by a large audience.
Small-blog traffic is down across the board, even as the 'big blogs' get more readers. It is increasingly obvious that blog traffic is like income: the 1% get it all, and us 99% puttering along down here at the bottom, are lucky to get any at all.
We are a direct supplier of natural gas and electricity. This means more savings passed on to you! Our plans are completely transparent and designed for long term management and mutually beneficial relationships. In addition, we have a dedicated team of energy partners offering services that including: energy audits and benchmarking, co-generation systems, alternative energy programs, lighting design and retrofits and commissioning. We even have in house funding available for lighting retrofits and gas conversions if qualified. These services are available to our customers through a complimentary no obligation analysis to determine if beneficial before proceeding.
Follow the few to get to the many
"Authorised invasions must be done in a limited way and there must be strong reasons for it to be done," he said.
I had some... some kind of RASH or something. I was covered in nickel and quarter sized welts. They were thick, raised, and bright red.
“It was during this time that I got to know a few waitresses and sex workers. I would say that the character of Salina was a combination of these women I met.”
-Attachment issues
Two days ago, on February 24, my sixteen-year-old son Brendan and I attended a fundraising event in memory of Jordan called “Jordan’s Slide for SUDEP.” Having experienced our own tragic loss so recently, he and I felt strongly that we should support the cause. The event was organized by Jordan’s family and friends, spearheaded by her grieving parents Dave and Deb Fawcett. It was a massive success, generating over $20,000 in support of SUDEP Aware, a Canadian non-profit organization that promotes knowledge, understanding and awareness of SUDEP, and provides support for those affected by it.
US 103m, Colour
Therefore let him who thinks he stands take heed that he does not fall.
We are also looking to get an application in for the Springboard Program (which is due tomorrow)! Check it out if you are interested in some support and mentorship for your Sydney Fringe project!
This is a delicious vegan/live foods place next to Ride Brooklyn. High prices are justified by the quality of food. I was impressed by the percentage of raw items on the menu - soups, sauces, breads, and more. It's a casual place - you order and pay at the counter. Perfect for lunch.
This is because the new beer drinker demographic is the same one that already understands food descriptors and wine words and they don't just speak in the language of Jilly Goolden - who hasn't graced our screens in more years than I care to remember - they speak the language of Tim Atkin, Jancis Robinson, Jonathan Ray, Susy Atkin AND Jamie Oliver and they demand more of their beer descriptors than the lazy and slapdash use of the phrases hoppy & malty (shudder!).
With the future changes in FHA lending, more up front mortgage fees, buying a home now will truly be less expensive for a buyer than in the near future. Right now Interest Rates are lovely and low – and as they increase, a buyers purchase power decreases.
I will be using random.org (or a monte carlo simulation in excel) to pick the winners from the comments.
Today, I wanted to reveal the details of how a story was recently written about me in the San Diego Union Tribune by Diane Bell.
2010.09.13 India Poonch 1 0 Islamic terrorists abduct a civilian from his home and murder him.
No place to work!
Still raining and very windy Monday morning.
I did so well the first time around, I had to try this recipe again but make sure that I got the syrup and the Paradise Seeds. Once again, the primary fermentation lasted about 10-11 days. I got the final gravity down nice and low, but this batch was sweet, sweet, sweet. Too sweet for me. I mix this with my Arrogant Bastard clone and call it "Monkenstein".
After pollution-control laws were passed in the 1950s, the typica form again began to increase in frequency, presumably because the woods returned to their more pristine condition, giving the typica form a selective advantage once again. Now in many places that form is predominant, reaching frequencies of 95% or more. Thus we saw, over less than a century, a reversal of selection pressures coupled with a reversal in the direction of gene-frequency change.
In my own defence - the beer left me with very little choice about this. I simply could not wait.
There have also been notable examples of care being taken with the dead in African elephants and bottlenosed dolphins. In the case of the elephants, an ailing matriarch was observed to receive support from unrelated members of her group, behaviors that couldn’t be explained by either Hamilton’s theory of kin selection nor Trivers theory of reciprocal altruism. This concern with her body continued after death. Further study looked at how the group interacted with the bones of their former group mates and confirmed that the famous behaviors observed at elephant graveyards are intentional, individuals focused more intently on these remains than to other features of their environment. According to lead author Iain Douglass-Hamilton, these results challenge existing theories on where altruistic behavior ultimately comes from.
I think that may be the problem. We need to start thinking about things that can be made and exported from here - and that is going to be hard. We cannot rely on mineral resources forever.
15. Shayna Steele, Jordan Ballard, Kamilah Marshall “Bewitched, Bothered and Bewildered”
Rm30
The boys woke up to little bags I had put together for them and if my gushy mood wasn't sweet enough, I crammed a whole lot of sugar in to make sure all bases were covered. These little babes were enough to send the tamest of sprockets off on a total sugar high. And to really show my devotion, I let them eat as much as they wanted for brekkie.
Sat-AM: 1:18, 2800' ~ Green Mt.
Another conceded that he "hadn't got out much" as he had been watching the Hallmark Channel.
I rest my hands on my hips and turn my back on the mossy fortress and the secrets of sisters. I face the honeysuckle. Or the lilac.
Congratulations.
It’s an old feeling that just keeps recurring every once in awhile like some old ailment that keeps plaguing me. I wish I had the solution to this problem, but I know that with a solution comes a new problem. It’s like one door opens but another door closes, our problems will never end and it will never cease to try and throw you off balance. I’ll eventually find a way around it and deviate away from it. Running from the problem is all I’ve ever done, but at least it keeps the problem away for awhile.
Do you get why I am so stoked about this stuff?! Its like a frickin’ miracle food! Wait, it is a miracle food, and I get to stuff my face with it. So let’s get a show of hands from those who have the guts to stand up to green food and say: yes! I will try you out because I love my body and my body definitely loves you! It’s not that scary, just a silly little mental hurdle to throw yourself over. And once you’re over, oh my friends…the grass is greener for a reason.
to eliminate lice in these areas only soap and water are combined and soak items in water. It actually is impossible to completely prevent a lice infestation, but this is a excellent idea to teach children not to share facts like brushes and hats. When your child has allergies or other, when you only interested in the have of chemicals in your child when you start looking for alternative options. With shampoo with this oil can help to reduce lice cling to hair and as well to destroy nits and eggs found in the hair or scalp. Brand-new eggs are almost transparent.
My offer ended up being misconstrued in more ways than I will ever know. My boss accused me of every sort of deception. Although it was understood that I was to handle all new business pitches and particularly businesses with large “franchise” possibilities, and although I spoke to sales people and made plans for meetings every day, somehow the issue of religion had cast my actions in a different light. I tried to explain why the pitch was even important. “Churches are a perfect model for creating a national TV message with a localized tag. It’s exactly what our company is set up to do. I know if I go to the meeting I can get us the business. They’ll recognize that they’re in safe hands.”
So next time you are tempted to jump on a soap-box and declare that we should feed our prisoners bread-and-water, or keep them locked up for life – remember that as you persecute the offender, so you threaten to create new victims. Remember that every prisoner is someones child, that they may have children who miss them, that one day they… might be you.
Set large pot to boil with liberal sprinkling of salt in water. Cook orzo 8-10 minutes, or until al dente. Drain and add olive oil to pasta, to keep small pieces from sticking.
GLEN MARAIS: Two armed black attackers killed in separate incidents during robbery on business.
Everyone has done a spectacular job. I always love to see everyone's variations of the pieces - it's amazing how different a piece can look using another colour palette.
Spinning in circles.
Verder een randpons van Martha Stewart gebruikt. De vlinder is eveneens een pons van MS. De swirl is een Doohickey van Magnolia.
Well, let’s see. When I questioned Mayor Booker (on his radio show, Newark Today) about this partnership with Nestlé he responded, "There are no strings attached" but Nestlé's true agenda is quite apparent. When the Mayor was filmed accepting Nestlé's check of $100,000.00, he was standing in front of a background covered with Nestlé/Gerber logos and the Nestlé's press release had pop-up ads for formula, coupons, rebates, Baby Club etc.(direct violation Action 6: Surgeon General’s Report)
Taking the coins to the bank was always a big production.
When it came to how Howard might get along with fellow judges Sharon Osbourne and Howie Mandel, Boots admitted things might get rocky.
____________
Ever since the spinal tap and chemo on last Thursday Josh has been very sick with a horrible spinal headache. He has been in bed laying flat all day everyday since Thursday. Sunday morning we went to the hospital and he had what's called a blood patch. They took blood from Josh's arm and put it up in his spine, hoping to create a blood clot where the hole in the spinal fluid sac is to help stop spinal fluid leakage. He had this done twice. His back was and is very sore from all the poking it has had done to it.
Ewan McGregor has proven himself as a true international actor. From Danny Boyle’s Trainspotting (In Competition, Cannes 1996) to George Lucas’ Star Wars (2002-2005), and Baz Luhrmann’s Moulin Rouge, which opened the Festival in 2001. He demonstrated the full extent of his range in Woody Allen’s Cassandra’s Dream, Grant Heslov’s The Men who Stare at Goats (2010) and The Ghost Writer by Roman Polanski (2010). He is currently filming an HBO’s series adaptation of the Jonathan Franzen novel, The Corrections. Following in the footsteps of Jude Law in 2011, Cannes is delighted to welcome this latest representative of the British acting fraternity.
Port Santa's Little Helper
· What is Luke’s best characteristic that will make him successful in the NFL?
And the way we live
Without even thinking both my wife and myself were having a meeting of the family and decided to invite her into our home. Has she had the best life until now? Not always. Has she always lived for God? Not as much as she wants to now. But you know what, God took a chance on me and He would want me to do the same for a member of His family. So we are extending a second chance at living life to the fullest to a very good friend, and it is eerie what that is doing for us so far. She is going to help around the house, and that is where we need the most work in our busy lives. She hit it off immediately with our 4 year old, and now my daughter cries if she can’t see her. She attended church with us Sunday, and was very happy with where she was at. This is a far cry from where she was just weeks ago. Feeling loved, and appreciated goes a long way – be it from family, friends, or God. I don’t say this because I want praise or thanks from her or anyone else, or any personal kudos – I just want us to honor our brothers and sisters for who they are and love them as we were and are loved by Him.
I love you still. More now for what you did to me, than for what we had together. We weren’t special. And you knew it. You knew our fantasies outweighed reality. You knew there was more out there for me than more waiting.
Martha has been open for years and has a great selection with the best prices per yard.
Yeah, I’ve been playing Warmachine. A LOT. I’ve played against Cryx a couple of times, Cygnar, Menoth, Circle Orboros (my god those guys are obnoxious), Legion of Everblight and even Trollbloods. I’ve even won a couple. Really!
Manage expectations.
In my last blog post (Audiobooks, Really? Part 1) I gave the advantages and disadvantages to audiobook listening. Here, I’m going to go into a bit of detail about active listening, and why I sometimes prefer audiobooks to hard copies.
PSALM 150 IS ALL ABOUT PRAISING THE LORD
You may have to work a bit harder to see the lines on the next shot of follow my leader.
But we should not be cynical, we should just be honest. Intellectual property, and investment in it, is a good thing in itself: it increases choice and meet demands in a way in which nothing else can. We must not however allow false claims to be made for it. If IP creates employment, let's show how and where it does so".
Perhaps because of my location, it took my server a few minutes to find me. When she did, I ordered more of their excellent coffee, along with a corned beef reuben to see if the sliced corned beef would be as good as the chopped.
Like the people around it.
Thomas J. Ashton, 21, New York, N.Y.
I received some news today that made me so angry, I had to share it with you. Our neighbors recently moved from across the road. They are a fantastic couple, the best neighbors you could ask for. They've been married for over 50 years, and have lived in their house forever. Their children grew up with my father-in-law and his brothers and sisters, and they all played together. When we first moved in, I brought baked goods over occasionally. When my van broke down last fall, he brought over a battery charger and left it overnight for me. If he saw me walking outside without a coat on, he'd jokingly chew me out. Every time we had a snowfall, he always brought out his snowblower and cleaned out our mailboxes, not just theirs, but ours as well. Truly nice people.
I would cite two trends as evidence that the intervention was a mistake: instability inside Libya and fallout in the region. While the civil war would have produced some chaos regardless, I think the chances are strong that without the Western intervention, Colonel Muammar Qadhafi’s side would have defeated the rebels and Qadhafi would have remained in power, an outcome that would have reduced the resulting regional chaos.
The basic idea of this tutorial is that the felt butterfly is a blank canvas for you to decorate however you want. You can use pretty sequins or buttons or beads, or stitch a design with colourful embroidery threads - let your creativity run riot!
Lara was walking down behind us and he turned to look over his shoulder. She looked like a miracle. I suppose she was a miracle. Orlando put his hand on my shoulder and left it there for a moment. He kept looking at Lara.
Right now, the polls indicate that a whole lot of the people are being fooled a whole lot of the time.
“The Dark Knight Rises” will be the final movie with both writer / director Christopher Nolan and oscar-winner Christian Bale in the bat-costume. But old favourites will return with Gary Oldman as Jim Gordan, Sir Michael Caine as Alfred and Liam Neeson as Ra’s Al Ghul.
Southern Living's cover this month inspired me to work on a planter for our front porch. Now, you know mine isn't the wow factor of Southern Living, but I am thrilled to have some color on our porch! Here is what mine looks like!
I’m not sure if all of this officially qualifies as “going viral.” I’m certainly no Susan Boyle, or kid riding home from the dentist. I’m not even Amy Chua, whose book “Battle Hymn of the Tiger Mother” and controversial excerpt in the Wall Street Journal elbowed me out of the motherhood-news spotlight a couple of days later.
The United Kingdom is not a member of the group of nations using the Euro, but most of its trade is with the Eurozone nations. If those countries' currency starts to disintegrate, Britain's trade will be severely impacted... and Britain is now into another recession which can scarcely handle that.
In a situation where one person is hurt by another, especially in break-ups, I have often seen (and felt) that person feeling a mix of anger and an attempt at being understanding and forgiving. Unfortunately, this often results in the hurt person putting the other persons feelings first. I often advise my friends to let themselves feel their anger--they can come back to the good feelings later, because those won't go away, but that frustration and hurt needs to come out in order to remember how freakin' awesome we are.
So I actually got a few things done this weekend which I was pretty excited about. I emptied out my hallway closet to make way for painting and new shelves, finished one pantry door with the chalkboard paint and started on the other, put up my Easter/Spring decor, and did a few small projects along the way. I need to take a few pictures so I can share with you guys sometimes this week or next. I even started walking to get back in shape! I was like the energizer bunny over the weekend!
and hug her literally melt.my.heart!!!
Guan Eng should explain to the people why is he still staying in the bungalow after three years. How long must the people pay for his luxury?
At that moment the train came and killed the elderly couple who were in the car and two of the three , immigrants. The third immigrant was seriously injured.
Using a few charming vintage elements from my baby book, I put my page together…
Taken: 09/29/2010
Again, nine months later Summer gave birth to another set of twins, Austin Lee and Houston Tee. All seven of the children looked alike, but how could they not? They were sister and brothers, half sisters and half brothers, first cousins, second cousins and third cousins. It wasn’t incest. It was just weird. Travis and Summer stayed together for three years, and Summer got pregnant two more times and gave birth to Connie Ann and Dalen Joseph. “That’s it!” Summer cried after she gave birth to Dalen. “Travis don’t you ever touch me again.” “Women, I want a house full of kids, and you’re my wife. It’s your duty to have babies. That is why God put you on the earth, You have to have my children.” Travis replied. “Someone has been shuckin’ your corn Travis, I’ll have it sewed up before I have anymore kids.” Summer screamed. “Y’all gonna do something. I’m plumb tuckered out! Nine kids is enough!” Travis wasn’t happy with this revelation and demanded sexual relations with his wife every night and Summer kept refusing. After two years of the constant begging for sex, Summer gave into Travis’ demands, and again, she became pregnant. This is when Connie Ellen was born.
First off, ignore the mess on the counter. I know you're looking at that first, so I thought I would just go ahead and say it :)
13 Caroline Says II
Finally, regarding communication in relationships, be conscious of the energy of war in relationships in May. Communicate through your friction points with others only when you absolutely feel you need to, as many of you will be in ‘the flush’ and simply replaying past situations and events in your life.
“Lord, teach us to pray just as John taught his disciples.”
First, I went to the department of public safety....in CA terms thats the DMV! So I first tried to get a DL, and the lady at the front told me in order to get a TX DL I had to have a registered vehicle. (I was at first hoping to bypass this step). In order to register my car, I had to drive a mile south....Did that.....Talked to a new lady, and she told me that in order to register my car, I had to take it to a mechanic and get it inspected and validated! (WHAT!!!)
That love is good!
Still need hand cover…I’ll figure out more later! I go onto the deck. The bird startles chaotically. I’m like OMG BIRD I WILL LOVE YOU AND HELP YOU DO NOT FREAK OUT I AM HERE TO HELP!
I’ve found that when you use the browser to scale type the get aspect ratio function ceases to provide meaningful numbers for screen.width and screen.height, but if you access those values directly through the console they also seem to be screwed up. I’m not sure if there’s anything that can be done about it.
le temo mas a la 'via'
When I was a kid I used to post my red ribbons across the top of the bulletin board in my room. The green ribbons would go in the drawer in my desk, underneath my report cards. Today in my office, a single tattered green ribbon hangs on the bulletin board above my computer screen. It reminds me of the lessons being taught that day on the beach by kids who were thrilled just to be in the game.
Treyarch managed to create a really good story in Black Op’s and an immersive experience that really started from the main menu, where you could release Mason from the shackles and do some hacking on the computer. The hacking really expanded the single player story with some story tidbits and more information on the key characters – there were great elements that really showed how much Treyarch focused on the story. I wish they didnt feel the need to do such gratuitous violence though. It seems that in order for videogames to be viewed as “real entertainment” for adults, they have to show ultra-violence. The knife in the eye in Black Ops and glass in the mouth was just a bit too much in Black Ops. You dont need such violence to create impact – take a risk, trust your dialogue, digital actors, animators, pacing and the effect that a combination of these things can achieve.
That's when she started worrying about what Morrisey does for Christmas.
After the conference, we returned to Rundu in an 8 passenger Wolkswagon which was packed with 15 people. (That's what you do in Africa!) After 20 minutes of driving, smoke started billowing from the engine. We pulled over and realized there was something seriously wrong with the engine. Rob, our fearless leader called some friends and pretty soon, a good friend/mechanic was on the road bringing us a bus and truck to pull our VW. In the meantime, we waited on the side of the road playing games and talking for 6 hours. It was really quite enjoyable! A couple people hitched a ride into town to get some food, and then our rescuers came just before dark. What a blessing this mechanic friend was to all of us! He dropped everything to drive 2 hours on a day which happened to be a holiday, to take us and our ruined vehicle back to Rundu! Such kindness. I still can't believe the goodness of God and His people!
Marvel Studios presents “Marvel’s The Avengers”—the Super Hero team up of a lifetime, featuring iconic Marvel Super Heroes Iron Man, The Incredible Hulk, Thor, Captain America, Hawkeye and Black Widow. When an unexpected enemy emerges that threatens global safety and security, Nick Fury, Director of the international peacekeeping agency known as S.H.I.E.L.D., finds himself in need of a team to pull the world back from the brink of disaster. Spanning the globe, a daring recruitment effort begins.
What you’ll end up with, if you’ve been good, is the failure of your reader to get to bed on time because they HAVE to know how it all ends.
2Joshua sent for all Israel, for their responsible men and their chiefs and their judges and their overseers, and said to them, I am old, and full of years:
From nurses to climate scientists, there is a wealth of specialism and knowledge across the public sector that is a public asset that should be highly valued and regarded with respect. The depiction of adversarial relationships between service users and public sector professionals is misleading and unhelpful.”
“Wallcandy street art project,” says the website, “has drawn together artists & designers with diverse skills to create pieces of art on walls and buildings around the town of Ennis. The aim of Wallcandy is to give artists the opportunity and freedom to conceive and create a piece of art that uses a particular site in an interesting and quirky way. The resulting artworks hope to engage, surprise and entertain viewers of all ages. All of the sites chosen have interesting or unusual features and, although some of the sites are a little run down or have deteriorated due to damage or neglect, they have been given an artistic twist that totally changes the way you see them.”
senseless actions controlling the world at the moment of this
The Braves just lost in the 13th. The Cardinals have already won their game.. ‘
The plan for this expedit was for each boy to have 1 basket each for their shoes and 1 basket to hold their hats. Remember the basket that was used for the kids shoes...well I found another use for that. This basket now holds the kids backpacks it sits next to the kids shoe storage. I find that it is working really well and the kids now get their own shoes and the older 2 will also put them away. My youngest just likes to pull all of his shoes out. He has a thing for shoes...he also loves pulling out my shoes in our walk in robe.
Rob gets himself locked in a pantry, just as Buffy gets into the kitchen. She slowly approaches Kit, who backs away into the dining room. As Rob screams at Kit to run away, Kit begs Buffy to leave her alone. Buffy eventually climbs over the dining room table and corners Kit, raising the blade to deliver a fatal stab. Unable to do anything else, Kit gets the door behind her open, and runs into the next room.
But trying to pin photos to muslin walls would be a bit too tricky.
In the above episode Luke focuses on the interpretation of scripture by the risen Jesus and the recognition of him by his disciples in the breaking of the bread.
Move over, i-Pad, the Kindle Fire tablet is here for $199. While many bloggers
- Make your way to the small wall near the bus. Approach the west side of the factory building.
Something says it will be a very long summer …
The place long ago
We’ll see. For now, I’m taking my mush-filled brainpan to bed.
and then hit the hay .. i want to get an early night.. to wake up fresh tomo
He asked where I worked and I told him. Then he asked what I did.
* Commercially, Grokster’s scheme only made sense if it could make money through advertising. The more the software was used, the greater the advertising income was. The software was used the most for top-40 hits, which could only be disseminated through Grokster in an infringing fashion. This though was said to be a weaker factor. As well as intent to bring about infringement, actual direct infringement had to be shown. There was no shortage of evidence that this had taken place.
Him: I honestly didn't go to the bar that night....I would tell you if I did....I had several bad dates off here and figured when we were going to meet it was going to be another one....but that really wasn't me...I'm sorry for standing you up...
But those years are long gone. And I didn’t have the urge to do it back then. The idea of saying “dear diary” creeps me out, for I thought that writing to a notebook/journal meant that I’d have to tell stories of how my day went.
(Depicted here is Corbet with me out front of Corner Brook's Old City Hall on Sept 11, 2010, shortly before the ceremonial Pride flag raising for 2010 Corner Brook Pride Week.)
I laughed even more, now my embarrassment was tinged with sadness.
“The foot-and-mouth disease outbreak that originated in Ganghwa County of Incheon might have been spread by a farmer who recently visited China,” a report dated May 18, 2010 said.
Please note that although offices are situated in Cape Town, South Africa was not included in the latest report.
The submission should include:
I sigh and jump down from the building where I stay to spy on him. I walk (or run) fast and stop right in front of him, enough to make the cold Kim Junsu surprised. He looks straight to my eyes after control his surprised. His lips a bit pale and his nose and cheek shade red because of the coldness.
MESSAGE FROM the I AM Universal Consciousness
Anyway poor EJ isn’t feeling 100% what with sore that and poorly head and cough so was in bed by 8pm with medicine and an ice pop.
Hopefully it will cheer us all up with all the miserable rain and wind we have had lately.
#65. football
Sing me back home with a song I used to hear
I had picked out a couple pairs of Steve Madden heals that were in really great condition, but I had zero information about the shoe, style or even what size they were... so I decided to cut my losses.
This competition is open internationally - with the proviso that the Book Depo delivers to your country. The competition will finish at midnight on Friday the 20th of April (which is when voting for the Queen of Teen Award is over). I will announce the winner right here on Tuesday 24th of April.
Do you remember that 1st day of school and the apprehension that came with lunch time? The fear of not having a seat at a table was a very real and very intense feeling.
It is important to note that Commonwealth citizens were classed as British citizens and had the same rights as British people here. This was known as civic britannicus sum, or “equal rights for all British subjects.” The British Nationality Act of 1948 did not give them that right but codified it.
to make them better and responsible individual in society.
Stephen King or Chistopher Moore could loquaciously wax on about the smooth taste of Crown Royal or the suave sexiness of Amaretto and then at the end of the commercial say with a crooked grin,"What you think I come up with all that crap stone cold sober?"
Me personally, I fall for the charming guys. They are typically quite engaging and know the right amount of balance between flattery and they often know how to keep moving in and out of flirting, flattery and regular conversation. Charming guys are well aware of the communication differences between men and women generally and in social settings – and as a result are able to keep women engaged. They use these guidelines on how female communicate etc., to know whether or not to pursue, not pursue, to keep going or to back off. IOW’s a charming guy will never FORCE anything b/c he is aware of his boundaries and limitations. But he will also push for the close based on gaining enough info from the women’s indirect positive response.
Helen xx
It started off with the opening night thanks and introductions, with the highlight being the special thanks to Executive Director Peter Stein, who is stepping down after this festival to pursue other projects. On a personal note, I'm a big fan of Stein's, and was honored to join in the standing ovation he received. This is his 8th year in charge, which is most of my tenure as an audience member. So for me SFJFF has practically always been a Peter Stein affair, and whether we've celebrated crowd-pleasers or gutted our way through controversial screenings, he has always been professional, intelligent, and the sweetest guy in the world. Here's to you, Peter, and best of luck in your endeavors.
Both in drawing battle lines and in separating the epistemological from the non-epistemological, it becomes difficult to separate the partitions from the clouds of swarming objects.
(The above excerpts taken from a speech by Bill Lind in February 2000.)
I still have time.
Do you judge uprightly, you sons of men?
Scripture shows how this is possible. John 3:6 That which is born of the flesh is flesh, and that which is born of the Spirit is spirit.7 Do not marvel that I said to you, ‘You must be born again.’8 The wind blows where it wishes, and you hear the sound of it, but cannot tell where it comes from and where it goes. So is everyone who is born of the Spirit.” NKJV
Filth
In a baking dish, arrange the pear pieces and then pour the batter and bake for approximately an hour at 150 centigrades. Once your cake has risen and is ready (tooth pick test), bring it out and let it cool down for half an hour or so, before turning the cake upside down.
What was the live act that impressed you most or deepest? Was there an initial gig, that made you decide: I want to do the same/different/better?
The sources at the network, who declined to identify the producer, said NBC News executives did not know the 911 call was misleadingly edited until news reports surfaced days later on right-leaning blogs including Newsbusters.org and Breitbart.com.
For instance, Onam, a Kerala festival, is an official holiday here; cow-slaughter is allowed (earlier it was banned); there is a disregard for local festivals; and local shrines are going bankrupt.
This beautiful, rich impression of Saint Jerome in His Study, expertly printed with subtle areas of surface tone, is among the earliest taken from the plate. The careful attention given to the selection of papers and preparation of inks for his engravings strongly suggests Dürer printed his own plates. The artist issued his engravings in limited numbers in response to demand, and as a consequence a qualitative difference can be discerned between various printings. Later impressions can be distinguished from the earliest ones by the progressive dulling of lines and accumulation of scratches in the plate. Here, even the finest and most delicate lines print sharply, rendering a tonal range extending from soft silver to brilliant black to express the play of shimmering light in its most refined nuances. This sheet is also remarkable for its pristine condition. Its survival through five hundred years guarded from even minimal creases, tears, or stains is testament to the high regard in which it was held by its successive owners.
Lisa Germano has the rare ability to render complex emotional states into deceptively astute and intelligible lyricism. The music on this brief record (34 minutes) is equally beautiful, at times heartbreakingly so. That it’s taken me four years to discover the album is regrettable. In The Maybe World is a small masterpiece.
Raymond Johnson, Clev and Oscar Anders,
10. “Elegy For Dunkirk” featuring Olivia Safe
Well just in case you haven't heard....The second of the 3 giveaways I am doing for my Birthday month is going on NOW! All the entries are so Amazing so far so keep posting and letting me know which you all loves BEST! There will be three winners selected. Here are the Contest Rules:
for all of the girls of the card line is the city.
Our visitors should also understand that if they don't support the artists, either by buying the music they like, or by visiting their concerts or by buying merchandise or in any other way, the result ultimately can only be counter-productive and will hurt the music affectionados themselves as much as it will hurt the artists.
Trudi Sissons The new line of Golden acrylics that stay wet allowing the freedom of reworking the paint. I’d also like to dive into encaustics, if only to smell beeswax.
“He won’t what?”
The State Department has sent CAIR officials abroad on goodwill missions, including at least two by Michigan director Dawud Walid.
The basic steps are pretty simple,
To step out of the hurricane that is the childhood industrial complex is to leave me to my own devices when it comes to evaluation, and that is a position that makes me feel highly vulnerable and exposed. One needs a combination of self-confidence and blissful ignorance not to go completely crazy from the subsequent navel gazing. Unfortunately, that combination is hard to maintain in the face of the constant barrage of experts and products trying to sell me ways to fix any number of possible child-related problems. Our culture pushes parents hard and from many different angles.
*Incoming Republican House Majority
The next site offers the ever–crucial Global Warming Bracelets and, more importantly, Flip Flops. Polar bears everywhere are weeping with relief. The site’s Take Action page includes the usual buying light bulbs, inflating tires, filling dishwashers, shortening showers, and rearranging the deck chairs.
The best part of Feb was going down to Utah for Brian's cousin Todd's wedding. We visited friends, and family and the wedding was lovely. It was great to be in the Temple with Brian's family, and we're so glad we could come down and be there! Here are a few pictures from the reception. The food was delicious, and Brian was on some kick of doing the Godfather.
Bounce up to the top picture and look at the Cheetah's face it all makes sense.
I have a very busy week ahead of me next week with work. I will be doing three days solid of an exhibition. I need to be on tip top form. So in preparation I have been relaxing and cooking the things I love. All day I have thinking about dinner, it doesn’t help when my colleagues at work always talk about food :0)
J: when my dad's friend's wife (Toni) said she'd love to come visit again because I'm so good with her 2 month old baby
I say this as a concerned parent who, sadly, has lost his own two young ones to Marmite. I married a Marmite lover. I admit it. I thought she would keep her Marmite love to herself, but she INDOCTRINATED them into loving Marmite when they were very small and impressionable. How evil is that, feeding Marmite to defenceless babies! Now, it's too late. But, it made me realise, that Marmite lovers aren't that different from me, afterall. I know my kids, they're just like everyone elses kids (though by far more talented and pretty and all that and they sure tidy their rooms in the morning. Not.).
Since this layout is for someone else I have left the journaling blank.
If you see an L plate remember that was you once and think how you would have felt with people being abusive. It does not help, it may make you feel better for a nano second, but these learners are trying to learn how to be a safe, competent driver. They do not need to be taught road rage and the ignorance of dangerous drivers.
Bukowski’s fiction has been described as a ‘detailed depiction of a certain taboo male fantasy: the uninhibited bachelor, slobby, anti-social, and utterly free,’ an image he tried to live up to with sometimes riotous public poetry readings and boorish party behavior.
actor is growing a stylish moustache for it, instead of going for a fake
Much to our surprise, we had no damage at all at our condo. Down trees everywhere but nothing was wrong, just spoiled food in the fridge. Fortunately our place which was completely submerged was saved by the double paned windows due to the extra protection they had for golf courses. We lived on the first tee. We packed up about two weeks worth of stuff and high tailed it to Houston. I was transferring to Houston anyway in a couple weeks and the job let me leave early.
Every day in the weight room, Hamilton and Rambo discuss who the best safety duo in the SEC might be. The conversation continues long after they leave the gym.
I am proposing that you do away with just having a phone receptionist and have your BDC handle ALL incoming inquiries.
5) argued by a good, but unknown provincial prosecutor,
Reading it now, I realize that every word is as true today as it was three years ago. So in honor of Mother’s Day and the very special relationships women have with each other everywhere, I wanted to post it.
The art is from Cicely Mary Barker, who painted the most amazing fairies, in the 1920's or 30's. I have been a fan of her art ever since I found this image in wall decals, for our nursery a few years ago.
CONCLUSION: It’s still a fantastical voyage, even if the story isn’t quite as fleshed out as it should be. There are some parallels between this and Legend (Speaking of Legend, the director’s cut is finally available), what with being trapped by the lord of darkness while he tries to make you marry him (a common fantasy trope).
2) Offer them $2 to draw two RPG-related pictures.
Now this facade just leaves me cold.
First let me say that I am usually funnier than this but there are some things going on today that just aren't very funny. I mean they are funny but they aren't ha ha funny. You may or may not agree with my politics or dogma but I think we all agree that this country is broken and we need to do something different.
Baltimore Orioles (Ryan - Paid)
I've made cakes of every shape and size, stuffed goody bags with plastic and candy, and eased hurt feelings at sleepovers. I've agonized over the guest list, wondered when a kid was going to get picked up, and spent hundreds of dollars and hours on celebrating the aging of my children.
- When I can no longer create anything, I'll be done for. ~ Coco Chanel
the OAS, the EU and the Carter Center didn't send observers (Real News
November: Council of the Economic Advisers (CEA) Chairman Greg Mankiw explains that any “legislation to reform GSE regulation should empower the new regulator with sufficient strength and credibility to reduce systemic risk.” To reduce the potential for systemic instability, the regulator would have “broad authority to set both risk-based and minimum capital standards” and “receivership powers necessary to wind down the affairs of a troubled GSE.” (N. Gregory Mankiw, Remarks At The Conference Of State Bank Supervisors State Banking Summit And Leadership, 11/6/03)
Phillippa runs away from home when she realises she can't marry her intended. She ends up at Pomeroy Castle after hearing the baby prince is ill and she thinks she can help. After actually helping with the baby she becomes part of the staff even though they know she is a lady. She starts to get close to Jonas and slowly falls for him but he is determined not to encourage her feelings as he believes he is not worthy of a lady because he is just a servant. But he can't ignore his own feelings for long and when Phillippa is determined to have him he can't resist her.
There’s no way into a mind such as that. Perhaps, it’s best if we simply leave it, an undiscovered country. Perhaps, under the surface, there’s nothing we would wish to see. I’m okay with that. I think.
Later that night, we headed back to the basketball game so Kamree could perform at half time. She had loads of fun and we are counting down the days until she starts a hip hop class at the Y!
Looking for the regious dream
Free State Brinkley's Maibock
October 7 – We took the tube to Piccadilly Circus, walked around window shopping again – Regents, looked in Burberry (got my perfume, Weekends), and many other shops. That evening I met my friend from Fodors again, and we ate at a restaurant called Circus (£15 for three course pre-theater dinner). The food and company was wonderful (I hope we can get together on our next vacation!). After dinner we walked through Leicester Square, where she waited while I jumped in a cab back to the hotel.
The perfect counseling client would re-frame that statement right away. But I’m nowhere near the perfect client. I’m usually very rebellious and defensive at this point and I say,
And of course, in addition to these lineups, we will be seeing the Boulevard Wheat backpack kegs making their rounds and delivering something besides plastic Vortex bottles to fans in their seats.
The terms "bipolar" and "artist" are a real dichotomy. I have been both for the better part of 40 years with a large dash of Obsessive Compulsive Disorder. The series of episodes during my lifetime have provided me a wonderful career, creativity that knew no bounds, orderliness beyond reason, and a heaping spoonful of black incidents.
This past weekend was the 3rd and final weekend of the Shop Hop. I went to 3 stores and enjoyed each one. I worked with well over 100 consumers. We made Tubes and Magic Wands in Christmas, Halloween and Princess. I love seeing little ones use the products. We had them as young as 3.
The lines at Brooklyn's IKEA have turned the shopping experience into a nightmare. This past Friday afternoon we really need some storage units. The shopping itself took maybe 20 minutes. The line, however, took 40 minutes, possibly longer. There were only five check out counters running and the lines extended past several aisles of the packaged tables and chairs.
19. Pay Me My Money Down
and it has been a favourite recipe ever since.
Using your hands start to knead it in the bowl until it comes together in a large sticky ball. place it on your bench and gently knead adding a little extra flour at a time until it is becoming more elastic and not so sticky.
Bitch customer: Oh, you can have time later on with each other. Start poppin' those babies out!
Kage baker
The pleasure is when your rear wheel slides and you bring it back, when the front wheel lifts and you take your time bringing it back.
There seems to be a pattern developing around food-themed holidays over here. First, there was the last minute Valentine’s Day treat, now Cinco de Mayo. I wasn’t going to do anything special, but then seeing all the great inspiration around the blogosphere, I suddenly had a menu so long that I needed to cut some things out. I thought about ditching these cupcakes in place of a more traditional Mexican dessert like Flan since we’d be drinking margaritas, too, but I’m glad I didn’t. These were fun to make and even more fun to eat.
· Landscape Architecture and Specified News Magazine-March 2000
(8) Future LEVs as a proportion of CMVs may be different to those in Tranches 1 and 2.
My Thoughts:
There is still time to enter the giveaway and hopefully I will have something new for everyone else who visits.
I have found that many Christians rely more on their own ideas and feelings than they do on the Bible, especially when Scripture commands them to do difficult things. In particular, many people seem to believe they can be sure they are doing what is right if they pray and have a sense of ‘inner peace.’ Nowhere does the Bible guarantee that a sense of peace is a sure sign that one is on the right course. Many people experience a sense of relief (‘inner peace’) even when they are on a sinful course, simply because they are getting away from stressful responsibilities.’
8:00 – 90210 (The CW): Navid confronts Liam about his involvement with Silver; Annie and Caleb give in to temptation; Naomi has a surprising connection to the groom of a wedding she’s hired to plan; and Austin asks his dad to help Adrianna get her career off the ground. I will sit through all those other plots for the sake of watching Adrianna with Billy Ray Cyrus. I hope she’s the one person he’s nice to.
13. Most of all please be respectful of our town and our neighbors. We want to continue to hold a safe and fun event in the years to come and we can only do it with your help.
A1) Colour Man - Showers Of Blessing
The relationship between mental disorders & different types of crime. Useful research abstract from last year here: http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1002/cbm.819/abstract
Caller: Yeah, I was wonderin’ if I could cut some trees across the road from my place.
I never consider myself a Richard Meier fan until I’m in one of his buildings. At first blush it is easy to dismiss his architectural style as cold, inorganic, predictable – simply a “style”. The reality is just the opposite. His buildings are more experiential voyages than they are simple built objects – so much so that I forget why I’m there.
Without an editor, a writer is allowed to be verbose and tangential, to forget the argument entirely or to create an argument that makes sense only to him (or her). You may be in love with what you wrote, but that doesn’t make it good and it certainly won’t make others want to read it. As my mentor, Karen Hodges Miller, likes to say, “The greatest writing in the world is useless if no one reads it.” And to get it to the point of readability, someone other than you should read it.
Cyberfrank will keep on improving the streets. More and bigger houses, new buildings, etc. We’re already looking forward to his next creation.
This is an older poem, which I have already shared on Cowbird, the storytelling website with which I am currently obsessed (I try to limit my time on it, but always end up reading ‘just one more story’). I remembered it and wanted to add it here after reading the wonderful and funny poem ‘Nursery Crimes’ by DP Bowman.
(from I Am Baker)
Welcome to the November Challenge! To start with I would like to announce the October challenge winner - #25 In Rose's Book with this wonderful creation! Please email me so we can get your prize to you!
"The wheels must be for show. They can't move, I tried they just can't move."
Life" and "You Turn Me On", which, I guess, still were recorded back home. Both were hits in the USA and Whitcomb settled down in the States, where he had quite a career with a string of pretty decent novelty rocksongs. That probably is why a couple of real good studio recordings by Bluesville never were released, with
was signed in January 2008 at the
In recent light of the author-reviewer blow-up/s that's been going around the interwebz (luckily for me, I've missed them since I'm not nearly as active online as I was before), I've decided to do away with book reviews on my blog. Instead, I'm doing Book Spotlights so you can see what I've been reading in my almost non-existent spare time. :)
Off the carcass went to the nothing-world – the sweetest nothing.
Related Artists:::
I have a Clematis fargesoides 'Summer Snow' (although I think it goes by another name now) that is a big thug, and could be cut back hard (that is, to the base) every year, if I wanted to.
She couldn’t help the moan that escaped her lips as he gently pushed the dress over her breasts and arms until the fabric reached her wrists. She held her arms still, although the thought of moving them so he’d follow through on his threat to spank her sent waves of desire straight to her pussy.
To the sisters, this means they must make a career of motherhood. They must let nothing supersede that career. Chapter 15: The Righteous Influence of Mothers, Teachings of Presidents of the Church: HaroldB. Lee, (2000)
Published in the Big Issue In The North, March 12 2012
I settle when I allow the world to define and establish who I am, what I can do and where I am going rather than continually pressing on to be have the perfection that Jesus Christ intended for me. The world will tell me I cannot be that person or do those things, but faith in Jesus Christ and by His Power I can do all that and so much more, but I have to keep pushing and pressing into His Kingdom to have it. Quitters will not make it. I have to forget my past and reach ahead never allowing yesterday to define my destiny. I must reach the end of the race to claim the prize therefore I cannot sit on the track and wait for destiny to find me. I must race for the finish and to win!
I've seen on some blogs about 'Tatting Tuesday". If someone out there reading this knows what that is, could you please explain it to me? I'd like to 'sync up' if necessary.
I had a phone consultation with Lyedie Lydecker a few days ago. With a messy studio, new projects looming, new work I want to do, small orders I need to fill, upcoming knee surgery and the resulting loss of income (I can’t do my big League of NH Craftsmen’s Fair this year), I’ve been overwhelmed with how to best use my remaining non-invalid time. I’d ask Lyedie to help me sort it all out.
he taps his blinding boots.
Such information is old hat to all who recall using clotheslines. Now, let’s get down to the real significance and psychology of this utilitarian device. First, the construction and condition of the clothesline offers clues to the pride of the owner and especially the powers of the “little woman” within the family. A well-constructed clothesline usually meant the wife had great persuasive qualities with her husband.
After all she was my first A to Z sign-up in 2010
Request No. 6
The inside of the card reads "it's your birthday".
Last night my sister-in-law gave birth to a perfect little girl. I've yet to meet her, and she doesn't have a name yet- but I'm already feeling love.
Everyone’s been impatiently expecting him but I was anxious. When he arrives, he will be under my full responsibility. I will be making decisions on his behalf. What if I make a wrong decision…! Oh God I can’t! And I can’t always be right! How did new moms handle their first babies? Millions of moms have been there before and millions coming after me. Yet experience is incomparable to any documented or told stories. All I can do is wait!
Total word count: 550
While the line was moving, the employees wrote down our first name on a post-it and placed it inside the book where she was going to sign. There were also other pretty strict rules which were kind of a bummer:
Here is my newest daily painting! Unfortunately I painted this right before the downpour that is happening now and the light was very, very low. Not much value contrast, but I think I like the nice, soft color transitions.
See, they get the joke.
The first couple of weeks were pleasantly chaotic, getting ourselves organised, getting to know people, finding our way around, making first friendships. One of the organisational things which had to be done was the election of representatives of First Arts to the Students Union. There was some kind of address from the Union people in Theatre L, the largest of the lecture theatres, after a history lecture, and people interested in being candidates were invited to speak to the gathered multitude. Nobody was taking the whole affair all that seriously and there was a considerable buzz of conversation among the couple of hundred students assembled. Suddenly a strange, freakish figure gambolled up to the microphone and announced excitedly,
Justin "Buster" Grant, is chair of the Association of Welsh Independent Brewers, which was founded in 2007.
When I create, I am often inspired by old things, such as T shirts, to make new things, but not always. Sometimes, new fabrics and materials inspire me as well. I mostly make things for children--cloth diapers, diaper covers, fleece training pants, and knit wool play food--but occasionally you'll find an adult hat, pair of knit socks, or a Christmas ornament here as well.
“I love you,” she was saying, rivulets of tears from her green eyes eroding her green make-up. “I love you, Tommy.”
As I have been saying for quite some time, you can’t move in Scotland at the moment without a new microbrewery popping up while you’re looking the other way.
"Only in the present moment can we touch life and be deeply alive."
I am not working, I am not doing anything, I am not really living. But I am breathing.
A sumo wrestler’s chest.
Every time I have to fold a pair of my underwear I get more sad.
She's right for someone but this one isn't right for me.
8. This week I relearned to stay very calm. I really was a good girl, I didn’t freak out, I didn’t give a spiced answer and I even forced a smile when the tw@t of a dermatologist laughed and said ‘Oh, is this your first child? He he he, that’s why. And eczema has nothing to do with calcium deficiency. No, he he. But here in the tropics a lot of children have skin problems. It may go away eventually. And your son is looking fiiiine.’ Sure, now that the eczema has gone – because of the calcium supplement and wet wraps – he’s fine. He wasn’t fine though when I scheduled the appointment a few months ago.
So Dear Readers - your reactions to both the charming cover art and the disturbing blurb would be a delight to read!
2. We find encouragement and accountability.
“He that will not apply new remedies must except new evils, for time is the greatest innovator.” (Francis Bacon)
Lastnight myself and Marcus Bronzy hit Camden Town to catch Mz Bratt perform at her sold-out headline show in Barfly.
Shannon is loving high school She played on the volleyball and softball teams this year as well as being elected to student council. Last week she was re-elected for the Sophomore student council. She's keeping her straight A's and working very hard. Next year she hopes to add children's theater, Youth & Government, and National Honor Society to her already busy schedule. So proud of our girl!
Then Jesus told his disciples a parable to show them that they should always pray and not give up. He said: “In a certain town there was a judge who neither feared God nor cared what people thought. And there was a widow in that town who kept coming to him with the plea, ‘Grant me justice against my adversary.’ “For some time he refused. But finally he said to himself, ‘Even though I don’t fear God or care what people think, yet because this widow keeps bothering me, I will see that she gets justice, so that she won’t eventually come and attack me!’” And the Lord said, “Listen to what the unjust judge says. And will not God bring about justice for his chosen ones, who cry out to him day and night? Will he keep putting them off? I tell you, he will see that they get justice, and quickly. However, when the Son of Man comes, will he find faith on the earth?”
Lord, thank You for the four blessings You have given us to raise. Please help us teach them that while we are all part of a greater family in You, their first and best friends are the siblings with which You blessed them. Please grant them hearts that are humble and forgiving towards all people, but most especially towards each other — and please, Lord, grant my husband and I the grace to show them, daily, what mercy, humility, and love look like in action. Keep us mindful that no one of us is greater than any other in Your sight, and that to believe otherwise is to make the grounds of our souls fertile land for the seeds of envy, wrath, and pride, all of which serve to separate us from each other and from You.
And unlike the rest of the world with its two-faced, back-biting, sniping, catting, clawing, snarling envy, or its pathetic cowering, bowing, scraping, incessant smiling, dishonest hype - the Lion at least was real. And he was a king in his own way, a creature powerful in his own right, dangerous, a true killer, a mogul that lorded over the music scene of Emerald City like a un-named god. She felt it the moment they'd met, felt the moment he'd leaned up against her, felt it when he'd driven it into her, his purpose, his strength, his majesty. Oh, she had been sure she had the upper hand, that, as always, she would simply turn him into a puddle of drooling idiot with the flick of her wrist and sinister smile. He wanted to play, and she had the instruments, the experience, that dark light in her soul that loved to see them grovel and belittle themselves. But even after the whip, the name-calling, the burning, churning flames that seemed to engulf her when she inflicted glorious pain on another, he had surprised her, risen up, thrown her down and taken it all back. It was the only time she had even felt as if another creature was an equal, or greater than her. His majesty broke her in every way, in all the ways she'd longed to be broken, leaving her undone and exposed, suddenly vulnerable. The violence of his wild thrusting, the rake of his claws on her back and bottom, his hot breath on her neck - she was his in any way that he wished. If only he would growl his desires in her ear, she would obey.
~Danika Cooley
and I would bet over 90% of them blurt out Katarina Witt!
McLennan, which is run by Jeffrey Greenberg, who was Jesuit-trained at
One last run for you my friend if you want to see what you want to see!"
-SALMAN RUSHDIE! I have no idea if he is still under the fatwa, but I can safely say he’s not in hiding anymore, (unless he is presuming that Muslim extremists either don’t read The Daily Telegraph or refuse to visit Eastern Wales for some reason). ‘Midnight’s Children‘ remains in my Top 10 of all-time favourite books, (although anyone who knows me will realise that my Top 10′s can often consist of dozens of items!), and having read the majority of his back catalogue, I can’t wait to meet the wordsmith.
09-Ain't Nobody's Business
Kansas City: MIAMI — The most effective official in the U.S. diplomatic mission in Havana may well be a U.S. Coast Guard officer who’s technically a counter-drug specialist but is sometimes approached by the Cuban government for some back-channel diplomacy.
The first problem arrived when I picked mom up at the airport and noticed the left front tire was slightly lower on air. So I decided to keep an eye on it. Two days later it looked like it was even lower, so we searched out a petrol station with a working air pressure thingy and found out there was hardly any air in it. The other tires were 34psi (or whatever it's called) and the said tire was only 12psi. I filled it up to 34 and retested the next day, and it was back down to 25psi. So off we went to find a place to fix it.
After watching her, eternally silent, in Pandora's Box, it can come as a surprise that Louise Brooks later spoke plenty in interviews, documentaries and the collection of essays she wrote, Lulu in Hollywood, before dying broke and alone in her Rochester, N.Y., apartment at the age of 79 in 1985.
It goes all the way back to pre-history. Human beings like regularity and predictability. Change is bad. Consider the existence of a hunter-gatherer – living life in the wild – every change in the weather…every change in the environment…every new sound in the night…new people…new animals. Every one represents a mortal threat.
patterns carved by verses gloriously sung to a tune not a single soul could hear -- except that of mine
It does have a mild fragrance.
The kitchen is actually a lot smaller than it looks in the layout, which I’m a little upset about, but being that I lived without a kitchen (college living) for the past four years, I’m really just thrilled to have a kitchen at all!
This evidence led to the fraud and corruption charges against Zuma being dropped and smoothed his path to becoming president.
Let your way be known upon earth;
1 bag of Pecans
Scotch Mist @ Overlay 100%
This time around we went for something special.
and this time we want to see all of your lovely
1. I'm horribly about procrasting (some of you already know this..lol)
For crits, roll a SR on CON on the level of your crit. For fumbles, roll a SR on LK on the level of your fumble. As you understand, this means lvl 2-6. If you fail your SR, this is what happens.
Hat Tip: Dina
1/4 cup + 1 Tb powdered sugar
alan
“That’s right Moskk… It’s been a long, long time” exclaims Agatha as she now stands some eight feet from him.
“Those are the decisions that will be made in consultation with the U.S. Congress,” said an official.
SharkStores ships to any address in the United States and its territories. This includes Alaska, Hawaii, Puerto Rico, the US Virgin Islands and Guam as well as all US Armed Forces addresses worldwide. And yes, Lulani, that includes Lana’i, Hawaii’s Pineapple Isle.
In terms of sound quality ... it's not bad but it's not great. Basically the master tapes are supposedly lost (although Morricone has said that if anyone can find them they are welcome to release the score). My understanding is that the score (as presented here) is mostly lifted from the movie itself. This does mean that there are some sound effects etc. mixed in with the music. Despite that the sound quality is pretty decent and the sound effects are minimal. Oh and there are a couple of tracks (at the end) that came from the only official release (a 45 release that came out when the movie did).
IPTV – More than a third of Smart TV owners devoted to VOD: A new survey from UK public opinion probers YouGov ha… bit.ly/JvsF70
tiny bowling set
This is today’s discovery. It is a book in two volumes, worth taking a look at. It does not match with my analysis so far, either of places or of times. Yet it has a lot of data and some original ideas (like all the talas – rasatala, patala etc are Valleys…) He starts his account of Indian history around 7500 BC (Brahma) and traces it down from there…. It gives the name of Sri Krishna’s daughter (Charumathi) and Yuyutsu’s mother (Visakha)… and so much more… The two volumes are about 700 pages long but it is a limited preview edition, so you don’t have access to all the pages anyway!
I’m moving forward with the business I’m launching, step by step. I’m not going to rush, I’m going to follow my gut, my heart and my standards and not settle. Even if it takes me longer. It’s not a race.
1.How are you dressed?
While not the best look, PRIME nonetheless offers a clear, bright, consistent look. Unlike what happens far too often in the movies, it’s clear to tell the robots apart here. As the 5-part series unfolded, the animation grew on me enough that even if I didn’t come to love it, I certainly don’t hate it.
Notice his puffy hand, swollen left upper eyelid, right lower eyelid, hives on the neck and lips like Angelina Jolie.
The Woman is a highly divisive movie, but one you need to see for yourself before you condemn it. For me, it's one of the best horror movies of the year.
about their art stuff?? The nest is made from ribbon
of ancient Words.
please, feel free to disperse or discuss, as your inclination takes you. . .
Wesley loves to read...when he can find a book that interests him. A few weeks ago he stopped to chat with me. "What are you reading?" I asked.
UPDATE (1): 30th September, 2011. Some interesting news and claims in today’s reporting of the transaction. The BBC is claiming that by controlling the loans, the Barclay twins “have acquired the hotels”. Of more significance but probably related to the BBC report is the Belfast Telegraph’s reportingof Paddy McKillen’s response to NAMA’s announcement : “He is investigating the deal and is concerned about how the sale may affect his shareholding” said Paddy’s spokeswoman who hasn’t yet responded to a request for comment from here. The paper also says that Paddy “was considering mounting a legal action to scupper the deal, claiming he wasn’t consulted”
For centuries, Zoigl was brewed in brewhouses owned by the town or an association of homebrewers. The wort was then brought to the private cellars of the brewers, where it was lagered until done. Then the beer was tapped directly from the lagering tank and sold in the private rooms of the brewery, which were used as a pub.
And third, if you haven’t yet outlined, consider doing so. Even the roughest, most rustic framework will give you a sharper eye for your beginning and, again, will serve to unfetter your mind. Your outline could be a simple list of things-that-are-gonna-happen, or it could be a detailed chronological narrative of all your plot threads and how they relate. I find that knowing where I’m headed frees my mind from everything but the writing at hand. Being prepared makes you calm, and better equipped to tap into your unique voice—which is the most important ingredient in a good Chapter One.
Ok, so now, although, you’re a little confused, you have to admit you’re a little interested. You don’t really understand what I’m getting at and not sure you want to. Right? Yes, I know. I see the look of total bewilderment on your face and that bit of indignation showing in your eyes. That’s ok. I’ll keep going anyway.
Even self-plagiarists.
I made this for James' birthday card, and even though he was just turning 10 he LOVED it, and thought it was really cool - high praise indeed!!Mind you he is now nagging me to get him his own phone - every cloud and all that :-D
who lives on
The compass is ready for reinstallation on the boat. That only takes a few minutes and four little screws to mount, but a little longer to solder the wires of the new lights.
Join D-H.
Break dancing competition - We’ve found a crew of incredibly talented dancers to come show off their skills… with a twist. We’ve pitted them against one another to compete for a prize from our sponsor: Antic Clothing
The threats were welcomed by most commentators.
return to a heart
Just had an impromptu dance party earlier today with Dr. Whuzzerface and our other sister, Cbisquit. We love dance parties. While this jamming song was not one of the ones we danced to today, it will be when we host an awesome dance party after we get
Etc. Etc. You get my point. There's plenty of other socially acceptable activities that involve some degree of animal cruelty. But for some reason, the fur coat got pegged as the one that is intolerable. And I won't even go into the fact that there are an equal level of products out there that involve cruelty to humans, but aren't stigmatized at all! For instance, the gold that is mined at the expense of human lives in Africa, the shoes that are manufactured in a Vietnamese sweatshop, etc.
Sally xxx
Slowly the Lord is reshaping my heart and the Holy Spirit is becoming more clear in Her gentle whispers. Yes love, what you want is nice, but I have a better way. I know that you want that, but what I have for you is better; it is worth it. I promise it is. The Lord isn’t interested in what I deserve. Because what I deserve is a complete separation from Him, and the death and ressurection of Jesus means I am now entitled to so much more than I deserve.
The way this new civilization keeps the peace is by having “Hunger Games” every year. There are 12 districts, and the civilization is being punished for a rebellion in which a 13 th district was destroyed. Each district picks two volunteers, a boy and a girl, to fight it out in the city. Only one can be a winner.
4 old
EXCLUSIVE! TEN REASONS WHY SHOUTING INTO A WELL HAS GONE INTO HIATUS
We're all people who think our kids' needs and our relationships with our kids come first, before anything else. We all want and build and maintain peaceful households. We all try, every day, to stop and think instead of going with the knee-jerk reaction, the old tapes, the bad habits and ingrained patterns. We all try to see, continually, with fresh eyes.
Maybe it's just because I love chocolate and coconut, so it seems appropriate for every occasion?
B-KC Kiki Cuyler-$4
Add to this, as I mentioned above, the endless cycle of Nature’s little bag of tricks--persistent drought followed by violent flooding, a plethora of animals, reptiles and insects so dangerous that life is already cheap before Man starts playing his little reindeer games with his fellow Man--and what you are left with is: catastrophe.
Happy Sunday, fellow crafters! Today I'm bringing you some TSG goodness, from the November release. I fell for the Season's Greetings set as soon as I saw it, and I can tell you that it's worth every cent (as is every single stamp set in the new release!)
In comparison to the manipulation of the CofP to resolve handling problems, the speed sensitive ride height control would be a more likely purpose of the stalling wing. Perhaps more importantly this would be a universal solution, one that other teams could legally adopt in preference to flexible splitters or excessive rear ride height to achieve lower front ride heights.
Stay tuned to this blog and the official Star Blazers website for more news and information on SPACE BATTLESHIP YAMATO: 2199 as they develop — and soon, we'll be off to outer space, one more time!
Okay, so finally this is done!!! I was looking for a little white table and chairs for my girls and finally came across one, maybe three years ago at a garage sale for $10! I loved it. It was just what I was looking for. Although it has since been scratched up and repainted white again. This year I wanted to make it a little prettier (being in crafty mode), so I decided to paint it:
While there's a lot of individual objects known - literally millions - their total mass isn't much. In fact, Earth's moon is roughly 25 times the mass of the entire asteroid belt combined.
That is what Daniel said at Wrestlemania, his first Wrestlemania as World Heavyweight Champion, and then he was distracted by someone, and within 18 seconds, that dream went up in smoke.
Afterwards, I had terrible, horrible cramping...enough to make me bend over and cry, people! And do you know what it was? Gas pains! Yes, they apparently INFLATE YOUR INTESTINES for this procedure, causing a shockingly painful bunch of little air pockets in places you didn't even know existed.
Light Emitting Diodes (LED’s). LED bulbs emit more light per watt than an incandescent, they light up quickly, can be dimmed, are long-lasting, radiate very little heat, and are directional, which makes them especially good for task, recessed and tract lighting. Innovations for home use are being developed.
Dezyama leaves behind her husband, her adopted elder son Jakrim Jordano D. Sangma, now 9 months old, and the infant baby boy who is as yet unnamed, as well as many other family members and relatives. She was just 36 years of age.
The kitchen counters were a nice brown pattern of some sort, I think. It’s been a while since I’ve seen much of them so I know I need to spend a few hours in the kitchen. One of the bread machines needs to have a different storage location.
Content-Type: text/html; charset=iso-8859-7
Her ordeal began last Wednesday when she returned home from school. She
Vice President: Michael Murakami Hou
First things first: I am not normally a printable maker. I don't have fancy software, nor do I know how to use fancy software. BUT, I had an idea and I successfully figured out how to make it using what I have on my computer. I thought I might share my process with you...just in case you're not normally a printable maker either ;)
And it will. Our beer list’s carbon footprint is about to dramatically lessen.
The spices I needed were chili powder and cumin. A skillet is heated with some vegetable oil over medium-high heat, until shimmering.
The BBC denied having brought him but Smethwick’s eloquent mayor Alderman C.V.Williamse investigated and revealed, that he was appalled at” the BBC bringing algebraic characters to Smethwick and then denying it. I was most amazed at the finesse displayed when I spoke of him being brought in a BBC car. I was told the car was not a BBC car but it was owned by one of the directors.” Griffiths was outraged by the visitations of extremists and wrote to the “Smegs” Telephone, “ The visit of Malcolm X was an affront to decent people and a direct provocation. That he should have been brought to Marshall Street by the BBC, which is supposed to be a responsible public corporation, makes matters worse.” I say to all extremists Right and Left, black or white, get out and stay out.”
I've put together some musings on State-vs-State Information Warfare, thinking about the implications of the recent Stuxnet worm. This isn't technical, and doesn't go very deep (and won't go very deep). But it feels like we've crossed over a threshold.
Charles can earn $9 while Mary earns $4: how many dollars will Charles earn while Mary earns $28?
I have entered my cupcakes in these challenges
At the start of the week both Scott Drug Report Rambachan and Kamla Rani announced that citizens had urged them to hold public meetings to discuss matters of national importance. Of course the Trinidad Express revealed that a group of citizens gathered at the PM’s home to petition against the route of the new proposed highway….maybe Rambachan misheard and then misquoted…because it certainly couldn’t be anything else.
Ok. I don't think that piece is horrible, but I'm not stoked about it.....but, it does create in my mind a bunch of new ideas in having made it. Therefore, I believe it was worth doing. So, at the risk of looking like an ass, sometimes I think I'm going to post about some stuff that isn't working, that is suspect, that is a back to the drawing board exercise. Why not. What do you guys think?
So I took down the hooks that were in place when we moved in, and hung the organizer. Better already!
Negative feedback was the parking, day of the week and desire to stay longer.
Soon people began selecting for specific traits, such as docility and production, shaping the animals into breeds suited to specific human needs. Today, genomic technology is both speeding up and refining trait selection. For example, researchers are working on techniques to select pigs less susceptible to diseases such as PRRS and to choose cattle with traits related to growth performance, grade and yield. Australian scientists are pinning down traits linked to drought tolerance in sheep….”
Mine would be: “Don’t kill me!”
But, now I’m back and get to do My favorite thing of all….play with My subs. :D And, I’ll have some more time for online sessions since My RT subs are finally running low. lol
Lately in my own Property Management business, I have run into some very ( let’s say to be nice) rigid and demanding, laborious and problematic, unyielding and burdensome people. Was that nice enough?
I ask, because sometimes people also mislabel me as a "fashion person." I do not consider myself a fashion person. First of all, I do not follow fashion. Fashion Week in NYC came and went last month and I paid no attention. Sure, from time to time I might glance at a fashion show photo on some blog or other, or pick up a fashion magazine in the dentist's office or the laundry room. Frankly, fashion can be hard to avoid these days.
“Sure thing, Gunny,” Tanner replied as he ducked to walk through the doorway.
I have other wins brewing and will be writing them as they come because I can clearly predict the cognitions coming fast and furious. I can hardly put into words the gratitude I have for being able to blow through stops on getting to this point. Of course, I simply persisted in doing what Ron says and kept my integrity in and my eye on the mountain.
One common mistake that many new bosses make is trying to be friends with their subordinates. They believe that if everyone likes each other, the office will be more cooperative and run more smoothly. However, it has the opposite effect. Friends are on the same level as one another, while managers and employees have a hierarchical relationship. Sheila will have to put aside many of her friendships since friends do not order each other around; therefore this method of management rarely works.
In Halton, however, Lacroix said that the boards have begun to lease a neutral office location and since 1996 have been realizing more than $1 million in annual savings from joint busing.
Though on observing my obvious distress and look of complete devastation quickly countering 'its not the end of the world though...'
“They can come to make arrangements, or if they don’t have any previous arrangements, they can give us a call.”
Dear Anni’s Anonymous Friends,
And a little shave ice on the side?
Escondido proudly exhibits the Filipino heritage in its entire interior. All decorations and furniture are from the different regions of the country. Antique vases, jars, tables, and cabinets were sourced from the northern to the southern parts of the Philippines. Each room represents a particular region in the Philippines. The hotel is modern yet uniquely traditional Filipino in style.
What a load of rubbish. Indymedia.ie only posts what its editors agree with even if you submit something in standard English with references to factual evidence concerning issues which hundreds of people believe in and are concerned about. This is clearly distortion and censorship.
Downstairs she follows onions beckoning
I just used scraps of paper trimmed to slightly smaller than 8cm x 8cm, and, after finishing it, decided that the brown square was a little dull, so I added the green Thickers for our name. They're all old scraps, but if you're interested (clockwise from top right) WeR Memory Keepers, Crate Paper, WeR Memory Keepers, KaiserCraft, Scenic Route, WeR Memory Keepers, My Mind's Eye, WeR Memory Keepers.
2.San Antonio Spurs
After college, Suzanne was a freelance writer for magazines and became a contributing editor to Christian Parenting Today. Her work has been featured in Today's Christian Woman, Marriage Partnership, Worldwide Challenge, among others. She took the plunge into books a few years ago and now she's hooked. To learn more about Suzanne, visit her website at www.suzannewoodsfisher.com
So we resolutely bought a kennel, for housebreaking. No more vinegar, not in our new house. This puppy, whoever he was, would stay crated when he wasn't in the yard.
I love pretty much all online shopping, bu...
Onward. Is it linen time yet?
Woman occupies a position all her own in the eternal economy of the Creator; and in that position she is as truly superior to man as is he to her in his appointed place. Woman shall yet come to her own, exercising her rights and her privileges as a sanctified investiture which none shall dare profane. (James E. Talmage)
Remember HE. IS. GOD.
Boo had to have surgery yesterday and some of her hip bone removed. She came home this morning with a cone and a bare tushy and is resting in her favorite spot on our bed. We are glad to have our little girl back. She is always around to help with card making, homework, any computer work and as always to pounce on our dog Barney.
Point One. The Victorian "spirit theater" atmosphere would probably have been even stronger and more obvious than it is today. In an earlier post, I argued that it was the Gracey-Crump team who gave the Haunted Mansion the unique feel of a 19th-century magic show or house of illusions, using tricks and gimmicks taken from that era. Judging by the feedback I've received, this "magic show" analysis seems to have set well with some veteran Imagineers. Also, in looking through the materials, I keep finding things that confirm that Rolly and Yale did indeed conceive of the HM in this way. Jason Surrell says that "many of the gags Rolly and Yale developed were inspired by some of the grand illusions and stage magic created by 19th-century magicians," citing Rolly in this regard: "The illusions Yale and I were perfecting were based on the 'black art boxes' and 'spirit cabinets' that had been used for many years by magicians" (Surrell, The Haunted Mansion, p. 20). Don't know how I missed that quote the first time around.
Just think…
Logical device number 1
He'Brew Rejewvenator (Year Of The Grape) 2010
Here are some pics of her bow on gossip girl, and one of her!!
I have just read this brilliant article in the Guardian and it's given me thinking fodder. Lots of it. It basically questions why Britain is becoming a place of intolerance. The woman on the tram in Croydon is cited as one example.
I did do some research on Mamedov, to see why he includes models with Ds in many of his pieces. This is all the information I could find:
I thought I would do a couple of posts on things we are doing around the home to get ready and organized to head back to school! Sounds like a good time right?
Mr. Delingpole is enthusiastically opinionated, delightfully cranky, and thoroughly enjoyable. A man after my own heart. Here he is on Uncommon Knowledge:
No one wants to buy unregistered land because of the time and costs involved in verifying ownership.
As I have mentioned, Romney will be the GOP nominee. He has money. He has flaws. But he has less flaws than Newt and more electibility than Santorum. Ron, my guy, of course has passionate followers. They understand what is at stake in this election. Unfortunately, Dr. Paul hasn’t had a chance to take off. The message of liberty continues to be spread by him and his campaign, through conduits like myself, but I think the GOP establishment has already made up their mind. The majority of GOP sheep are toeing the party line. They don’t care that Romney is the least inspiring and weakest nominee winner in history. Nobody loves this guy. His base isn’t energized. His platform centers on the fact that he was a successful businessman and therefore he knows how to run a business when this country so desperately needs these skills. Unfortunately, Mittens should have taken the fork out a long time ago. This sucker is done.
So onto the challenge:
So how has it gotten to this point?
everything about it. Being just a few blocks from UC Berkeley, the shop was a
Here an old scale holds pretty soaps and a towel, but when I placed the coral & starfish on there -- LOVE it!!
Fast forward and Mia is three years old. Jenna gets devasting news. She is diagnosed with cancer. Its actually the same kind of cancer that her mother had and died from when Jenna was a young woman. She goes through the process and begins treatment and it goes on for four years. Sadly, Jenna gets news that its now progressed and she knows what the outcome is so she decides to stop treatment and to live what little life she has to the fullest with her Gabe and Mia.
Oh, and Limp Bizkit were there too...
To prepare myself for crafting personal essays, memoirs and other works of creative nonfiction, I have been reading and sifting through The Best American Essays of 2011 and Telling True Stories.
Since then, however, an appellate court has unanimously backed a lower court's finding that the ESD essentially misled the public by failing to study the community impacts of a 25-year project buildout, and has ordered the agency to conduct a Supplemental Environmental Impact Statement.
Teen girl is doing super, she's now Y11 and still with the Cheerleading squad. She's still gorgeous and such a trooper, I'm so proud of her!
Everyone knows that you can find the best deals on computers and electronics online. Wouldn’t it be nice to find those same massive discounts on things like designer clothes, jewelry and watches or women’s shoes? The fact is that you can. Over the past five years or so, the internet marketplace has undergone its own Big Bang, and the result is a whole universe of shopping choices for all the things that you want most. That only leaves one question – where are all the bargains?
16. Badgers dig. A LOT. And the entry holes are the perfect size for your foot to slide in and break your ankle or leg.
In anticipation of the shutdown of Apple’s MobileMe service, I am re-posting some of my old blog entries before they become harder to retrieve.
Every day, without fail and without sacrifice to the great god of underpants, he goes to the toilet (almost completely unprompted) and evacuates his bowel (how disgusting does that sound?) completely.
P.s it’s even better the second time!
What a great day at Chorley watching FC United win 2 0 to reach the Northern Premier League play-off final. A few pints, reds everywhere, the atmosphere created by the FC fans was immense. It was like watching United play City at Maine Road in the '70s and '80s.
1 x PTX018 / F / air = 24.00 (No Stock)
On a too hot Saturday in late March, my son spotted something moving stealthily just off a trail in Usery Mountain Park and said, "Look, it's...", and a friend and I suddenly became like two giddy tourists astounded at their good luck in finding a celebrity while visitng that celebrity's native city. We oohed and ahhed, exclaimed in delight, congratulated each other on our good fortune, and clicked our cameras just two feet or so from the notorious individual's face. Said individual was not pleased with our attention. He attempted to slink beneath a bush. When that only had us bending over him, he demanded we keep our distance with an all too famous signal, a solo instrumental of warning.
It's not so hard to see
I'm way behind the times, I know. For years and years I've been a book addict. Not just a reading addict, but a touch-the-pages-smell-the-binding sort of book addict. Nothing smells as good to me as fresh book.
Grow
Last week, I had an appointment with my naturopath. Amid a string of questions, she asked,
At first, I believed the creed: You deserve the best in life, and so do I. There is something symbolic with placing the “I” after “you”.
9 grandchildren
Juan Jalisco sees a car blatantly run a red light and off he zooms to meet and greet the driver. I'm parked there for several minutes before I see someone chatting away on their cell phone. I fire up the V-twin and I'm off. I no sooner catch up to the vehicle when I see El Guapo riding his BMW (which happens to sound like a run away sewing machine) pull up along side me.
The first Chipotle opened in Colorado in 1993, and since has spread across the nation. With 100 percent of its pork naturally raised, more than 60 percent of its beef naturally raised, and as much naturally raised chicken as it can muster, it’s the poster child for local farming. College students with broken hearts, empty stomachs, and splitting head aches line the restaurant’s wall morning to night, knowing their cure lies at the end.
For awhile now I've been trying to think of a little present I could make for our grandchildren for Valentine's Day. I wanted to make something that would remind them of my husband and I, so I naturally gravitated to something that would hold them, hug them, and keep them warm -- just like us.
From an actor's point of view, I think our opening went really well and it seemed well received by the audience. You can buy tickets here.
Many people know that Bonnie and Clyde spent a couple of weeks in Joplin, MO in the early 1930′s, but did you know that they were not the only depression era bank robbers to seek refuge in Joplin?
Harris County was joined in its position by Tarrant, Dallas, Bexar, El Paso and other medical examiner counties. When challenged later, each of these, unlike Harris County, executed the oath and statement as required by the state Constitutional.
imagined sins,
“I’m running for president in the Republican Party, I’m doing very well. And last time they wondered about it, but, you know the whole thing is, is boy the people are really frustrated,” he said at the time. “You go to New Hampshire there are more independents than Republicans or Democrats.”
In an unnamed battlefield in the War on Terror, Irena is desperate to rescue her brother, captured by American soldiers, before he reveals to them what he has invented. She uses the invention to try to save him, but its effects are not predictable. The inexorable progression of the rescue attempt is both poignant and disturbing.
Later on, I started to talk with another person, younger than me, going through life challenges and eager to find answers, willing to have someone to tell her what she should do. It would have been easy to start telling her about life, giving advice, playing the « from my experience, I can tell you that… » tune. Yet I decided not to go in this direction.
So I’ve been reading this book In the Eye of the Storm by Max Lucado; and let’s just say, I’m loving it. (You’ll see in a minute how this book ties in to what I’m about to write).
She noticed the ever-present protesters on the other side of the street. One of them, a young woman, was carrying an infant in a baby carrier on her back. The baby had a thick tuft of blond curly hair that begged to be looked at her. Her face reminded her Tori of a Pampers’ box.
Nonstick vegetable oil spray
38) Biko (Mexico City, Mexico)
Charlize Theron
6. Chili powder, ½ teaspoon.
Scottish schools go back soon - apologies for the reminder... So, now seems like a good time to remind you of the idea for schools that I suggested here.
Straw, in theory, could have been in favour of the burka yet still admit to himself and others that they still made him feel uncomfortable. That’s possible. But that acceptance of the burka was not enough for Muslims and Engage (the Muslim group that’s kicked up a fuss about this) because Straw’s not banning the burka was not enough. They wanted more of his blood. They wanted him to change the way he thinks about Muslims. Thus they wanted to stop him feeling uncomfortable in the first place. They demanded that he actually thinks and feels as Muslims think and feel. They wanted him to ritually apologise for this affront to Islam itself. They wanted to rub his infidel face in the shit.
I propose we stop this negative trait. Our home is rich in history, Americana and beauty. Despite the mix up in identity, let’s be proud of Missouri, the heart of USA.
... to already be stressed about the amount of work school is about to require for this next month.
Hello, everyone!
Also at the HAI weekend, I felt moved to offer spiritual healing, and did what I felt moved to do, offering at the solar plexus chakra, the seat of power. This makes no intellectual sense to me, indeed my inner rationalist could easily produce the arguments to refute it- but it felt real, and right, and my inner rationalist does not feel, itself, any need to produce that refutation. The person felt something.
God has placed a desire in my heart that no one else has ever been able to take away from me. He gave me a true gift when He gave me hope. It has allowed me to open my heart to the love of a wonderful man and finally experience an authentic relationship. Hope has given me back my daughter and completely restored my relationship with her. Now I share my life with my daughter two beautiful granddaughters.
The humiliation of the trial and its resultant three-month prison sentence added to the hurts Moody had already suffered for her part in killing Chad Monroe. It wasn’t entirely her fault, though. When the boy began to convulse, too many hands had tried to loosen the thick rope wrapped around his small body like a cocoon.
My top three for this month are:
He returned a shaven-headed Buddhist and admitted experimenting with mind-bending drug LSD.
Style is a matter of bringing out to the world the essence of who you are. Done properly, you will never make a fashion mistake again!
I should have taken some photos of the finished Dolls But I forgot my camera at the hotel the last day ... Colleen and I still Had another day in the Lake Mary area after the workshop ..so we made plans to meet Anne at the place Called " Space Craft " after a little treasure hunting there we went to a cute bead shop, Then Anne treated us to Lunch at the cheese cake factory , needless to say it was a yummy meal.
There is no "now" here = n o w h e r e.
Put water into a pot, making sure the spaetzle maker spans the diameter of the pot, bring the water to a boil, and lightly salt it.
Not out of the house, we're here to stay for a while yet... but the Homeschool Den blog will be moving. A couple of months ago one of the editors of Parents contacted me and asked if I would like to come under the Parents umbrella as one of their bloggers. I was honored and thrilled to join such a great team of people. So in just a couple of weeks you'll find us over at the Parents website. We'll have a link from this site to get you to the right place. Stay tuned for more about that transition soon!
1. thinly slice 3-4 large onions into long strips by cutting off ends, slicing in half, then shaving slices “across the grain” for long skinny strips… does that make sense even?
Soundscape 4'57
Holy shit, despots of the world beware; 2011 still has teeth. Osama Bin Laden, Moammar Gadhafi, and now Kim Jong Il... Is it mere coincidence that D*CKED is now on sale for the holidays? Pick it up before another one bites the dust... and rises again, and brings about Armageddon for reals. Suck It, my story from that collection is very... unlike anything I've ever published, reckless and irresponsible speculation leavened with cheap shots at stars of the world stage aside. It features an exclusive blood club formed by the former VP, KJI and Vladimir Putin. Vampiric themes abound in D*CKED, but for more Vlad-the-I'm-Paler fun check out VLAD, Liam Cassidy's official Putin fanzine.
So, I haven't been writing here much lately. Actually, it's been a month since I wrote anything at all! Part of that reason was the Summer Montreal Unschoolers Gathering (which was really wonderful. I'd write a post about it except I didn't take any pictures, and just words seems like it would be boring...). But most of the reasons I haven't been writing here lately are the same reasons I haven't been writing all that much in the last several months: writers block, not being able to find topics that really catch my fancy, trying to focus on things not related to computers... And largely, not feeling able to talk about what I'm feeling on this blog.
Maybe if I'm lucky, it will be something my children deem as "cool".
There is usually a lag of at least 6-8 weeks built into this indicator. But given that leeway, it is a fairly good guide to inflection points. The most recent warning which every student of the market should have seen from a mile away was the large selling spike in late April which corresponded to the market top.
I settle when I choose a position of comfort rather than standing on a firm foundation of faith. Stepping out in faith is not always comfortable. Endurance takes what seems like a very long time. However, for those who choose to remain there it will be a place of restoration, support and strength as God meets you in this place. You will be victorious when you are the last one standing. You must remain alert because the enemy of your soul will do whatever he can to knock you down. Get right back up and refuse to relent! I Corinthians 10:12-13 tells us to be conscious of this and fight to remain upright in the fight. God promises to provide us with endurance to make it through and to provide a way to make it through. You just have to keep standing. I know that you are tired. More importantly, God sees your weakness and He is sustaining you while He stretches your faith to receive all that His Kingdom holds for you! Do not settle for the consequences of your circumstances but stand firm until God opens the door to show you victory and release from them.
But the yes must be larger than this: we can not help but battle the dehumanizing pessimist in our heads but we must not step their. We cannot want to see the world in the a certain way, but must see the world as it is to change it. We should not be merely identifying with social faults and shrugging our shoulders and accepting our fate. Yet that is the tenor of our media these days.
"A little known and underrated talent. John Thomas had two hits with The Flies in Australia before coming to London to form his own band in 1969. Both albums are consistently good, strong material and raw vocals, which suit the guitar-driven musical format. There's some good guitar work on both albums. Ride A Rainbow is certainly the most commercial track on the first album but Trippin' Like A Dog And Rockin' Like A Bitch is really the magnum opus. The second album is excellent too. The opening cut Down In The Bottom sets the tone for more guitar driven hard rock from which the title track, Brother Bat Bone, is really the highlight, but dig the melodic guitar work on This Is My Body and Standin' In The Sunshine illustrates his mellower side. This is slightly the stronger of two but both are recommended. John Thomas later played for Edgar Broughton in 1975 and now lives in Berlin, running a band called Johnny and The Drivers." (Tapestry of Delights)
In talking up having another brother to Callie one of the things I mentioned was not having to share her room. That didn't work as planned since she really wanted to share her room and have bunk beds. So we began the process of organizing her room and making it Chase friendly. With her having her big closet to have her more special things in. The plan is to have Callie's room and then the boys' room. But for the first couple years we will store Callie's bed and have the bunk beds in her room where Chase will sleep. His clothes, etc will stay in his room but he will sleep in her room. This will give us the boys' room for a nursery and then when the crib is ready to be put away we will move the bunk beds into the boys' room for them. By then I have a feeling Callie will be more than ready to have her room and bed back.
- Volunteer your time helping at the event. We will need help setting up for the event on Friday as well as working the event and cleaning up afterwards on Saturday. All students will receive points for Office Hours.
Colonials Fans -
In barbecuing some chicken breasts last weekend, I used my go-to brine, rub and mop that I use for most poultry whether grilling, barbecuing, baking or roasting. This might be the first time I actually wrote it down as I prepared each step. Of course, I normally change out a few ingredients from time to time depending on the outcome of the meal. Mexican or Western, South Seas or Oriental, Southern, Cajun or Creole - whatever you fancy, you can change out a few spices to better suit the overall taste. I also added a glaze to half of the chicken at the end.
Me- " Oh yeah, which bones?"
Cash = 722.14 euro (RM2,888.56)
Kenny West (REP) 3.39% 125
Not everyone sees spells in supermarket car parks, of course, and Natalie is not just a normal girl. Her mother was a Spell Lady of Earthaven, which gives her the power to cross the boundary between worlds and makes her a target for the evil Lord Hawk, an exiled Spellmage who is planning to destroy the giant tree that is home to the spirit of Natalie’s dead mother. The magical gateways are barred to him. But at Halloween, between midnight and dawn, the boundary between worlds opens allowing creatures from both worlds to cross.
One of my closest friend celebrated his birthday last October 26. Of course we had “nomo-nomo” and never ending chit-chat with some friends. It was not a plan but I asked him to do a mini photo shoot at Jepoy’s place.
Or do they? Some have said that corny dad jokes are designed to make our children want to leave the home, its evolutionary. I beg to differ. I believe that corny dad jokes are our way of showing our kids its okay to be silly and have fun and try out the language in fun ways and let down your guard at home. What other purpose do these jokes serve?
Deuteronomy 17:6 On the testimony of two or three witnesses a person is to be put to death, but no one is to be put to death on the testimony of only one witness.
This week’s show is a two-hour special and features three segments. In each, a computer is used to compare performers. The first segment pits professional singers against other entertainers who are good at singing in a karaoke battle. Then, Kanjani8 takes on a team of strong singers in a karaoke battle. Finally, Kanjani8 goes up against a team of artists (so described – アーチスト) in a rhythm contest (i.e. drumming).
‘The Ask and the Answer’ is the second in a trilogy I have been after since I read the first one a year ago, and finally found rather randomly for sale for 20p in my local library, (why the second volume and neither of the others I’m not sure, although it raises a whole new blog entry on why I would buy a fairly grubby copy of a book I’m probably not going to want to keep when I could just read it from free from the library! Stay tuned…);
I will remain quiet because I don't know what to say. I will be looking for the right words to express my feelings and I will tell you what I need to. Right now I just want some distraction because if I start to think, I'll be a complete mess. All I want is to chill out.
Sam “Lightnin’” Hopkins was born on March 15, 1912 and left us on Jan. 30, 1982 at the age of 69. His career spanned from the late 1940s until the end. Meeting Blind Lemon Jefferson in the 1930s after hearing his music when very young, his journey began. It has been said that Hopkins had recorded close to a thousand songs but rarely performed outside of his home state of Texas until almost 1960 from a fear of flying.
As usual, we’ll be showing a selection of Short films from Manchester, Salford and the North West but not entirely in this session. We’re adding fantastic little animation by London director/animator Steven Spencer called BEST, about the life, fame and fall of Man Utd’s former superstar GEORGE BEST. This just has to be seen, please do not MISS IT!
Although the purchase contract failed to be signed, Tae Mu asks President Yeo to give Lee Gak a second chance.
Well, that sums up our recent happenings. The next handful of months we plan to be kegging a few of our special one-off barrel-aging projects and make some barrel-fermented farmhouse-style fruit beers (with a grower we met at the PSU market) to get some new things going. Until next time..
For example, olive oil is a great thing to cook with and use in your food. Just note that olive oil (I always use extra virgin olive oil or EVOO) has a lower cooking temp than vegetable oil, which means it will heat up faster than other oils, just beware when cooking!
Poor Tevye woke up feeling horribly sick yesterday morning, and spent the majority of the day either resting on the couch, or sleeping in his bed. He didn’t even get up until 11am, and then by 2pm he was back in his bed, sawing logs. He didn’t eat much of anything all day, claiming that he wasn’t the least bit hungry.
3. Back Stage (Meyes, Fredriksz) 6:00
I am challenging myself to find places to visit where I don't need a car. I want to intentionally find places to walk and ride a bike. When I owned my home, I would often walk to the grocery store, bank, library or post office. I am trying to fit that into my lifestyle now. Several years ago I did research on "walkable" communities. Now, I just have to find "walkable" communities that have nice RV parks.
Don’t believe me? Fine. Look at Britain, where they tried this asinine stunt and now find themselves not only still plagued with high unemployment but also officially in a double-dip recession.
Anyone? Anyone? Anyways we had Nodding Head Ich Bin Ein Berliner Weisse at Earth and I was pumped to get to try another example of the style. Every Berline Weisse I've had was delicious and this one was no exception. Tart, funky, sour, well carbonated, incredibly quaffable, and coming in at only 3.5% - great, great stuff. Nodding Head makes some awesome beers and this one was the best I've had from them. Didn't like it as much with the woodruff syrup though...
-- I take group lessons, solo lessons and technical classes that explain precisely what muscle should be working where and when. Fair enough, it won't do you any harm.
Exercise: Still battling first trimester yucks and exhaustion, but I did manage to do the TurboFire toning DVD once.
We have an OCCUPY event here locally as well - and a friend of mine worked it out so that local moms and dads could bring their kids to the demonstration and support the cause. Obviously with small children (most of us) are not willing to tent overnight in the park indefinitely or at all - but we have a scheduled time for all of us to meet and experience the movement with our children and show our support. Toad and I are taking Turtle-Love to the demonstration later today. I'm excited! My first demonstration/protest! I need to remember to pack snacks and water, the ergo and toys, and warm clothes to bundle us in. Maybe some onesies and t-shirts so we can get in on some activist fun!
Jóhannes Ólafsson (Jói), drums: We drew it together.
The nature of the Saturday lineup is, in other words, peculiarly British. And it extends from the fact that Britain only has a handful of terrestrial channels. And unlike American TV, there was the BBC, which was notable for not being fragmented into regional variations in the same way that ITV was. In other words, there was a channel that was consistent across the country and was one of only a handful of things that could be watched. So television, in the UK, was a unifying experience. The country sat down to watch. And Doctor Who was a part of one of the biggest lineups in the UK - the Saturday teatime one. For all that we’ve talked about Doctor Who fandom over eighteen seasons here we mustn’t forget the fact that through these eighteen years Doctor Who simply was not a science fiction show in the sense that we usually use the term. It may have had science fiction fans, but it was unambiguously and completely mass entertainment for the entire country.
First, let us look at Salvatore’s orcs.
Add to this collection the writing of the Gospel of Luke since Paul quoted Luke 10:7 as “Scripture” in 1 Timothy 5:18. With the Gospel of Luke in the collection, then Acts would have also been added being a continuance of Luke according to Acts 1:1. Look again to 1 Timothy 5:18 to see that the “Scripture” of 1 Timothy 5:18 referred to both Deuteronomy 25:4 and Luke 10:7. See, Luke was added not to just a new collection, but to the Old Testament collection that Jesus accepted as being “Scripture”, which again shows the guidance by the Spirit and the collection being done by the oversight of the Apostles. Luke’s Gospel was also a part of the “Scripture” that Paul instructed the young Timothy to give heed “to reading” (1 Tim. 4:12, 13). The Scriptures were already being read in assembly just as the other Scriptures (Col. 4:16). Even more interesting is that the Gospel of Luke would have certainly been included in reference to “Every Scripture” in 2 Timothy 3:16-17 thus affirming the New Testament Scriptures are inspired in the phrase “Every Scripture”. Now, we have Peter’s writings including John’s writings, and all of Paul’s writings including both of Luke’s writings. All of these even John’s writings were probably written before 70 AD having no reference to Jerusalem being destroyed, which was the immediate prediction of Jesus.
I don't know what I'm staring at. It might be out the window, at the computer, at the t.v. It's really bad when it happens at work. I started folding laundry last week, the pile is still half done on my couch. I was folding a pair of socks and something drew my site out the window. I stared for so long my left leg went numb.
Boyfriend: "So they're trying to figure out how to make the babies more sticky?"
Nothing could sort out the morass of vicious score-settling after more than 20 years of violently authoritarian rule that went on then - not now, not ever. Of all the uses of religious belief and its rituals, perhaps ceremonies for the repose of the souls of victims, and of reconciliation between descendants of actors in the violence, at least these should be recognised.
As soon as humanly possible, we children would scramble, barefooted , out the door. And now the real day could begin. Cousins were conveniently located close by, all within walking distance, and all of whom were more than willing to come out to play. Our little gang would grow as we went tramping from house to house until we would gather 10 - 15 cousins. A nice number to play just about any game.
Consider the fact that life insurance ownership is at a record low-30 percent of U.S. households are uninsured (chart). LIMRA’s research indicates that-despite the efforts of insurers the industry has not been able to penetrate the middle market and, many of the most traditional products and marketing tactics aren’t attracting consumers’ attention.
One of the best perks of being posted in KSA is taking advantage of the Eid holidays for extended vacations without using precious leave time. I have been incredibly lucky to be able to take advantage of three of the four while I've been in country.
Have a lovely weekend. Happy crafting.
Cotton floral Blouse - Boden
And I’m still growing, so if not operated on, my spinal curve will continue, as it has done, to grow ever more pronounced and my ribs, hips and shoulders will rotate, contort and compress even further. Being told I needed imminent spinal surgery to straighten, fuse and pin my spine was a shock that took some time to sink in. And then I was given a date for the operation. It is scheduled for 3 days time, on Weds 20th October - providing that nothing happens to postpone it
has founded a number of companies and is one of the 10 richest members of the United States Congress estimated to be worth at least $65.91 million. He founded American Information Systems, an internet access, web hosting and application service provider.
NOW onto the musings of the day. This weekend was Earth Day... did you do anything to celebrate? Take your own bags to the grocery store? Go to a parade? Hug a tree?
This is a statement freighted with assumptions – first and foremost that people are aware of Salt’s books in the first place. According to the Salt Confidential blog, Chris Hamilton-Emery has been humbled by discovering just how little awareness there is of Salt outside those with a real commitment to poetry. It is evident that for all of their Facebooking and assorted innovations, Salt have remained outside of the mainstream and consequently many active book buyers remain unaware of their lists. The reasons for this are too diverse and numerous to enumerate here. Now the real crux of the matter is that the exposure the Just One Book Campaign grants them will get books and authors into new hands, or rather in front of new eyeballs. Ergo we will soon see whether Salt are publishing books people want to read if – after Just One Book – sales can be sustained at significantly higher levels than before the campaign. If not, maybe it tells us something that we don’t really want to know.
Do you not believe that I am in the Father and the Father is in me? The words that I speak to you I do not speak on my own. The Father who dwells in me is doing his works.
After a year and a half, my first book reached around 191 in the rankings (out of tens of thousands of books on there). My second book has reached 84 after just over one month! If you like thrillers and/or science fiction, perhaps check it out!
I know nothing about Ray Hudson and the Western Rhythmaires other than what I can see at Terry E Gordon's great Rockin' Country Style website (thanks for the label shot). He had two singles on the legendary Starday-Dixie label, the first one, The Blues Walked Away being a favourite on the rockin' scene. That came out on Dixie 45-819 in late 1959, a full four years before his next effort.
I always print out my online orders and then after shipping, since the orders are recorded online, I shred the paper. What a waste! I am now putting my used paper in the rear feed tray (to print things like customer online orders) and my new paper in the bottom tray (for things like shipping labels).
P.S. I'll be back to Twitter-ing soon too! :)
The last time I had spoken to my father on the phone, his spirits seemed lifted, he was much more lucid and I even heard him laugh, which was a sound I hadn’t heard in ages. After I hung up, I was thrilled, ran around town telling my confidantes that he was getting better, that things were looking up, that everything just might be okay after all.
No matter what pace you write, it is important to always feel the wind at your face.
Queen Elizabeth I never married so there is no need to speculate about the footwear she would have chosen for the great day. However, there is a story that her shoes (colour unspecified, but let’s say ‘red’ for the sake of continuity) were saved from spoiling in a muddy puddle, by the gallant act of Sir Walter Raleigh (1554-1618), who removed his cloak and laid it in her path. This always struck me as a rather silly thing to do, and the story paints Raleigh as something of a show-off, overshadowing his success as a writer, poet, soldier, courtier, spy, gardener, historian, religious enquirer, MP and explorer. It was a grand gesture but it didn’t save him from the executioner’s axe many years later. By then, King James I was on the throne, and he was not one to be so easily swayed. The legendary act is commemorated on a pub sign in Devon. This should please Alan, who gave us the shoe prompt for this week’s Sepia Saturday, but is also an aficionado of pub signs, which he demonstrates on his own blog
Products used;
Spelled in all capital letters so haters recognize the name, WRITE CLUB pairs the latter-day literary gladiators that are its participants into groups of two. They are given one of a set of opposing topics (Books vs. Movies, Fate vs. Free Will, etc.) and have two weeks to prepare up to five minutes of anything. Stand up, short fiction, personal narrative, or a mix thereof—anything goes in WRITE CLUB. The audience decides the victor, and the unfortunate loser is beheaded then and there, right onstage for everyone to see (disclaimer: this is not even remotely true and I don’t know why anyone would claim it is).
Happy 20th Birthday Sister Face!
“He was a pussy!” they barked contemptuously, before wandering off to look for a baboon to molest.
Publisher’s Description
I would go back to guarding the door and checking people’s tickets in the waiting room, and I remember talking with JC and several other people in the waiting room; and at some point the baby was finally born, and after the woman & baby were cleaned & dried off, they were moved to a bed in the operating-like room.
I am no expert on this but here is a short list of dos and don’ts which may be useful.
Company : We are the North India Channel Partners for D-VoiS Broadband Pvt. Ltd., Bangalore, a class ‘A’ ISP (Internet Service Provider) engaged in various internet, telecom and value added services across the country.
I sometimes wonder about the phrase “too good to be true.” Latterly because in a review of Bruce Jay Friedman’s memoir, “Lucky Bruce,” the reviewer cites a Long Island lunch group of writers as successful as Friedman, Mario Puzo, Joseph Heller and a few others as rejecting “James Salter from the clique because he is too good a writer.”
The pattern given on the marquise site called for stays with a front piece and back piece - that is it. Compared to the many pieces of my J.P. Ryan pattern for strapless, fully boned stays, this style seemed very simple. The problem was coming up with a pattern for it.
I wish with all my heart I could take my baby boys pain away or that I could hold him all day like he needs. As a mumma its heartbreaking to see him cry in so much pain.
The dress-shop lady had come out from the back room, hands clasped at her chest again.
See how fun that Curly Q can be to use on your cards and those small dies are great for that added touch insde :) The paper is from Cosmo Cricket's "Tea for Two" line.
2) I'm leaving work at Noon today. G has off for his AWS (Alternate Work Schedule) Friday. He has one Friday per month off due to working 8:30 - 5 with only a 1/2 hour lunch each day. We are going to see The Hunger Games. I'm excited to see how well they do the movie adaptation. I have to keep in mind it's not going to be exact. Keep an open mind...go in with no expectations. I absolutely loved the trilogy of books.
What advice do you have for other writers, particularly younger ones?
So, if Clitoraid began all this several years ago, why the attention now? Clitoraid’s US operation was featured in Newsweek last October, after all. The attention comes now because of a recent press release circulated by Good Vibes announcing their support for the project through donations of vibrators for the very important rehabilitative work that is needed after surgery. That release made the rounds of several feminist sexuality email lists and raised some eyebrows. A bit of investigating raised anger. And that anger will, I hope, create an opportunity for some important discussions. It is worth noting that had it been another sex toy retailer I suspect the explosion of interest would not have happened in the same way. Though Good Vibes does not brand itself as feminist, I think that many of us who love the store for its woman-friendly, nonjudgemental, educationally-oriented space in the sex toy retail wold think of it as feminist. We associate it with the creative, intellectual and activist work of people like Carol Queen as if the two are one entity.
As I've said before, I don't do a lot of Valentine's Day decorating, but don't like to ignore the holiday either. I love having some pops of red around our home, especially in the kitchen; and what says more about Valentine's Day than anything red. Well, I might be stretching that just a bit, because most of the red in my kitchen is definitely not Valentine-related, but who cares. Ya'll like seeing vignettes of anything, right? Right!
“MARRIED couples facing the heartbreak of splitting up are being urged to enter a controversial competition – to win a divorce. Husbands and wives who have decided to go their separate ways are being invited to enter the contest by one of the UK’s leading do-it-yourself divorce experts. Divorce Online has organised the competition to highlight that ending your marriage does not have to be an unpleasant experience and should not cost couples thousands of pounds in solicitors’ fees.” More….
And now I'm proving to be a rebel in the baking world as well.
It's a virtual guarantee, however, that at least some citizen readers will be engaging in Mrs. Obama's ill defined cleanse, simply because she said it. And the LHJ readers will not be party to the White House clarification, nor the comments of outside experts.
What happens to time? How does it do that?
When I heard the Florida special prosecutor Angela Corey announce that second degree murder charges would be brought against George Zimmerman, my first thought was that she was enhancing her resume in the hopes of becoming a judge someday.
The 39-year-old was actually living with a partner.
Are we to see a retraction from all those clever sophisticates who wrote their falsehoods, believing them to be true – or not bothering to find out and taking them on trust? And if they got those details wrong, those which they so confidently retailed, what else did they get wrong? And why are we simpletons who need silly little things like evidence so wrong?
- Size (LxHxD): 12.6″ x 11.4″ x 6.7″
This craft was really special to me because Marcus and Sophia put a LOT of work into decorating their boxes. I mean, they probably worked hard on them for about an hour in DEEP concentration. They made heavy use of the paint and foam shapes. But most of all, they made use of the glitter glue!! I made the mistake of putting about 20 tubes of glitter glue on the table. (Can you tell I like to buy in bulk?) Well, the kids used all TWENTY glitter glue tubes. These boxes have so much sparkle that I am not lying to you when I tell you that they took a full FOUR days to dry.
2304 FC wickets at 18.29 with 126 five-wicket hauls
This is a three day weekend .. again. I think there have been 4 or 5 so far .
4. Usually, a distraction for me privately. Occasionally essential when I can’t find any words but need to have words. In a group setting, essential. Lifting our voices together, blending with the Spirit, having words for my vocal mind so I can pray on another level — I really need that.
The legislature must make sure CT-N viewers don’t get shortchanged with the new service. They should have the same easy, crisp viewing experience as they will have with C-SPAN and CPTV, which will be carried on commercial channels.
My wife and I had taken our daughter to watch the just released Disney movie, “The Princess and the Frog.” It was a funny movie, classic Disney. It was set in and around New Orleans and there were many, many references to Creole and Cajun foods, customs, music. Unfortunately for me, one dish in the cartoon that was served up several times was beignets.
The three debts in bold do not currently have payment arrangements made and will be added into the rotation as soon as I can set those up. Two of those debts are student loans with around $1,100 left on each. Two of those debts were acquired while our youngest son was in the hospital two years ago and the remaining 10 are from my most recent health care. The starting balance in February was significantly higher with us paying thousands of dollars towards those debts. Just last week I paid off another debt.
sail unabetted past the picnic makers.
When I eat too much sugar, everything in my body hurts. Pretty much Chris can't hug me right now. It sucks. And it is my own fault. Chris took some of the leftover treats to work today, so hopefully that will help me kick this crap out of my system and not keep eating it. We do still have half a cake and some other goodies left though... MUST. HAVE. SELF. CONTROL.
There exists a café in an American city that Beth went into every day to drink a cup of tea, eat a bagel, and read Shakespeare. Her skinny body would step into its fragrant, disheveled atmosphere on her walk home. This girl, who always seemed to wear a worn sweater and ratty jeans, would sit at a table staring out the glass fore-window and wait for the waitress to come over and talk before that same waitress, who worked every day, would go away and return with a steaming cup and sesame bagel.
1 eh
There was a site redesign, as Mashable‘s trademark blue was replaced with Conan orange, along with other, more subtle touches, like the Conan’s hair on the “e” in “Mashable” and the giant Conan face Easter egg. If you didn’t see it, it was Conan’s face which would pop up (see above) when you moused over a tuft of hair at the bottom of your Mashable screen.
Here is a little parody based on "The Continental" (1934-lyrics by Herb Magidson) from that appropriately named film "The Gay Divorcee" starring Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers.
Stanhope and Schroders were among the objectors to the scheme being given planning permission. Their evidence to the planning inspector stated that the arena was not economically viable, and that the scheme did not contain enough affordable housing.
I daydream to pass the time
Scan order: Top Field First
I am a bit more forgiving towards screenwriter John Logan. He claims to be a ardent Trek fan. At the time he was hired to write the script for Nemesis, he was coming off gladiator with Russell Crowe, which I consider one of the best movies of the decade. Baird’s biggest hit until this point had been US Marshals with Tommy Lee Jones. Not a bad movie by any stretch, but not the resume builder one would hope for in the director of a science fiction epic.
Gappy Ranks - Nerious Joseph - Soul Rebe
My first card is of course a Bella card! Stamping Bella being my first non-SU! stamp ever!!! I actually made this a set of 5 and am going to try selling them. I'm opening up a little booth at a antique mall in Lumberton and I'm hoping it does well....I guess we shall see soon enough!
A lot of the discussion was about stuff that I’ve already gathered and been using, in terms of drawing characters partly from other literary models, partly from people you know in real life, and partly from your own imagination, and about what makes a good character, how to outline or interview a character before you write, how to describe a character or reveal their personality to the reader. I wrote two fun little exercises, both tied into ‘The Scroll’ universe, one a minor character based on an old work colleague of mine, and one discovery scene for Emelia Collins.
THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 22, Waterloo Records, 5pm-Storyville- With guitarists David Grissom and David Holt, the Double Trouble rhythm section of Chris Layton and Tommy Shannon, and the high energy vocals of Malford Milligan, a Storyville show, along with lots of free Saint Arnold beer, is legendary.
I understand this. I really do. But it seems to me that what this fails to take into account is that people can't just care for themselves and improve things when there honestly isn't any money and worse than that, their fellow countrymen are oppressing and abusing them. What is an 8-year-old child, alone on the streets, supposed to do? The answer I get when I ask people that question is that it's tough to leave that 8-year-old, but we must, because the more we step in, the more we absolve adults of responsibility and perpetuate the cycle.
2 comments
½ small red onion, thinly sliced
3/4 c fresh Meyer lemon juice
Understand this, my dear brothers and sisters: You must all be quick to listen, slow to speak, and slow to get angry. James 1:19 (NLT)
I decided that I wanted a clear dominant colour for each painting and I think it worked quite well.
“Nope. I’m just trying to – “ The words “unload his merchandise” come to my mind, but that doesn’t seem right. Remembering my father’s advice that adults are always looking for ways of getting children out of the house, I improvise. “I’m saving to go to camp.”
It seems that the careerists at IPCC still think they can get away with flogging the dead horse of "extreme weather." More savvy alarmists, such as those in the American media, have decided that this will no longer do, and it's time to shift the terms of the debate.
Up until a few years ago I was convinced I didn't like lemon desserts and it kills me to think of all the delicious things I missed out on. I'm firmly in the lemon lover camp now, though, and these lemon bars are certainly a new favorite here. The filling is beyond delicious - the richest, most creamy lemon curd I've ever had. It's loaded with lemon flavor and neither overly tart nor sweet. The shortbread crust is both tender and crisp, a great base for the curd. I wasn't able to give away as many of the bars as I wanted, so I had to stick them in my freezer because I knew I wouldn't be able to resist the temptation. The only problem is now I feel compelled to bake other lemon bar recipes too. For research purposes, of course :)
I know this is a strange recipe but I like weird foods! I think they're tasty. They're not something I would make routinely but they're nasty nevertheless. If you'd like me to experiment with the Italian option, leave a comment and let me know. If I get enough requests, maybe I'll post that option sometime. In the meantime, fix these and let me know what you think. Enjoy – and happy croquetting!
And I have class tomorrow. I dont reaaaally know what Im complaining about, given that I have class from 9.30 till 12.30 and then have the rest of the day off….
Total $ savings: $59.75
Don’t worry, it’ll pass
I ask the man behind the counter (who I later found to be the previous owner but still loyal employee, Columbian Luis Eduardo Gutierrez) if they serve any Columbian options and his face lights up instantly. “Of course!” he replies with pride.
When a dead jack snipe with a stamp on its beak appears on her doorstop she's intrigued. But when she finds a dead body in the cucumber patch the following morning, she launches into a mini murder mystery adventure.
A woman even older than I sits still with her eyes closed,
The feds have spent hundreds of billions of dollars on homeland security equipment of all stripes for local government over the last decade. Now, notes the Tennessean, the burden shifts to cities and counties to pay for the equipment's upkeep.
ALL OF SUDDEN
I wanna show her what it means to be loved…
it’s like a teenager saying, I didn’t buy the beer--
All in all this is a nice headset thats worth the money. If you’re looking for a comfortable headset that will reduce the background noise of the cube farm you work in, and play back ground music to mute them out when your off the phone, this headset will work for you.
Along the way they have pissed off a lot of people. Did the strident, arduous protests have to happen? Maybe. I won't deny that it could be that change would not have come without it, without the pushing and shoving or demands for attention.
one of the things most commonly shared by grown unschoolers: a desire to continue unschooling throughout life, in spirit at the very least, whether or not they decide that school will be a part of their lives. I'm not sure all of us succeed in this: the pull to conform, as we've already established, is strong. But, the desire to live the dream is there: the knowledge that, however difficult they are, other ways of living are
On May 14th, we will begin our next Paleo Challenge – opening it up to CrossFit Assault Members AND non-CrossFit Assault members! Great prizes to be won – thanks Mike!
I learned a lot in my leadership courses, yet a tremendous amount of learning has come from my experiences on the job. I learned most importantly during my school leadership courses that there is no set way to respond to problems. On the job, I learned that I have to adapt, consider a range of options, weigh the pros and cons, seek input and make decisions in situations that may be unexpected. Often this happens on the run – and sometimes I may trip and fall. Regardless of whether the results of a fall are major or minor, there are things I have learned from these setbacks.
Kelly Clarkson – Mr. Know it All
Escape from Warsaw - teen fiction
the lower-case i on the board, turned
I hunt because the dog hunting next to me is one of my best friends and hunting means us working together as a true team. She will break ice and swim as far as it takes to get the job done. She will warn me of danger one second and let my daughter crawl over her and cover her with blankets in the other. She will keep my hands warm on cold mornings and keep my feet warm on cold nights in camp. And all she asks for in return is a scratch behind the ear every now and then.
Alec Baldwin took his sixth win for Best Male Actor in a Comedy Series at the Screen Actors Guild Awards on Sunday, for his portrayal of Jack Donaghy on “30 Rock.”
I am seasonally appropriate. I wear brights in the summer and lights in the spring and darks in the fall and bold in the winter.
it’s nature, you know, something should be done, yes,
The x-ray showed a tiny fracture line along one knob of my radius bone. Didn't look too bad, but she said a cast would be needed for a week, then review by an orthopod.
Yes, BFF dude DG will go on at least one date in 2012. Happy? She is making a public announcement. Sardar, now you know bahanji’s life is not for every one. It is hers and it works for her. Kid you have to make your own, there is no manual on how to live life it is live and learn but also learn from others’ mistakes you don’t have to make all the mistakes. You’ll have to get out there and take risks or else how will you know what could have been… What ever you decide DG will support you but just be safe.
In an increasingly stressful and materialistic world, the age-old beliefs and practices of the Celts bring us back in tune with the magical forces of nature and the spirit world that surround us.
The ocean every where you look. The mountains surrounding your every
He’s right, because it wouldn’t be the sensational story it is. There likely wouldn’t be puns and the fervor.
~~~vibrating beyond the flesh is so much more potent than any stage performance could ever be for me right now…
- The ugly 70s dress that ended mid calf: 15cm off the length gave it a new lease of life.
This is followed by Helen picking her attackers out of a lineup. The cop who helps her also informs Helen that they believe that the same gang killed everyone who had supposedly been murdered by Candyman. They hope that, with Helen's testimony, the Candyman killings will now be over and done with.
iPad Case ($39)
This view of rhyme as speed is far more flexible than the view of poems as a strict scheme. It allows for more expression and playing with this will do a lot for any new writer’s poetry. Poem’s do not have to rhyme, they just have to convey the message. How this is done is a personal choice. Rhyming schemes can work well in many cases,repetition portraying a sense of what the poem is about, i.e. if it’s a military march or a repetitive task.
Your buddies all stood by
Glory
"Me?" he asked.
We assumed that no one would try to pursue a scam claiming to represent the estate of the late Mr. von Niederhoffentanger.
His lips quirked in a smile. “Many things, lady, but I would begin with your name.”
They also got his hair.
"You here to make us look bad?" one of the officers asked me, while I took pictures.
He got in again.
In a blender, combine other half of onion, 1/2 C. fire-roasted diced tomatoes, chipotle chiles, and another 1/2 t. garlic. Add 1/2 C. reserved chicken stock, and blend until smooth. Set aside chipotle sauce.
Now though, let’s not forget that this is a Harry Potter product, so there is some amount of cash cow milking to be done. Following the tour you’re conveniently led into the gift shop, which can be seen as either a blessing or a curse. Hardcore fans will be in heaven, with pretty much anything you could ever want under one roof (Hogwarts robes, replica wands, you name it and they’ve probably got it) – but be warned, it comes with a ridiculously hefty price tag. You could spend a lot of money in this place if you’re not careful! If you desperately want to buy just a little something though, I do suggest trying the Butterbeer they sell halfway through the tour, although even that’s not for everyone. Personally, I found it delicious. Others have deemed it “diabetes in a cup”. Go figure.
According to Critics and even public this documentary is” Black spot”for Pakistan.In this documentary Director shows the darkest side of Pakistan she should work on the positive things in Pakistan.
Visitor : “Where is the grass ?”
even if I begged it to go away.
Students took it in turn to use the starting pistol for each race. A whistle was blown in short sharp blasts repeatedly as each year group processed on and off the arena for their race.
F21 Blazer
As I was doing this my daughter was all giddy. She kept making me smile as she was exclaiming how cool this was and telling me that I was the best wife ever.
GD: They have not done anything really special for me (laugh) But just being together with them, I will feel happy.
Julie said, “Lindsey, this exhausting quality about you is also your best quality. Think about us our freshman year. I was so bitter against God. I had all these rational arguments about why God was an asshole. You used to spend hours and hours and hours arguing against me that God is good, proving that my arguments were wrong. We had the same conversations over and over again until you helped me to change my mind. It’s because you’re exhausting that you could do that. I’m so glad you were. Think of all the people I could have influenced to hate God if I’d kept spewing my bitter reasoning.”
No sir. The European far right could never rise again. That's crazy talk.
I just got the chance to sit down and watch Barack Obama's inaugural address online, and I have to say that it brought tears to my eyes. Here I am, sitting in an internet cafe in Thailand wearing my Texans for Obama t-shirt and crying. A girl from Holland sitting next to me asked if I was ok, and the only response I could muster was to point at the screen. She smiled, gave me a hug, and said, "I think the whole world is proud of him today."
I tend to think in terms of ability scores as a limit, with skills defining actual competency within that context. If you have average Dexterity and train to be an acrobat, you will be an average acrobat; you will be better than an untrained person, and you will be better than other average acrobats if you've had more experience, but you will never be better than a trained acrobat with high Dexterity.
Yeah. And it still has a view. And a balcony. And we can get a pet. OK, so just a cat.. but someone else in the building has TWO bull terriers and I think the manager looks the other way. Oh, and did I mention it's RENT CONTROLLED? Bwahahahahahahahaha. I'm sorry, was I bragging about my most awesome find of the century? Yeah? TOO BAD! I worked really freaking hard to find the best place possible, and this is a total win. We didn't time our move out too well and will end up paying a little on both places this month in pro-rated rent, but we're enjoying the leisurely move. We're looking forward to officially beginning our living there and painting! :-) Oh! And it's right down the street from our current place and we already love the hood and know the parking situation!
I swear to the best of my ability, preserve, protect and defend the Constitution of the United States against all enemies forgien and domestic, this is my birth right it was earned by the blood sweat and tears of my fore fathers. This is the price and burden of freedom.
She gasped and awoke. Through her darkened eyes she could see the sun rising over the bower and her husband looking at her worriedly, his innocent, bland, fireless eyes searching her tired, resigned ones. She couldn’t look at him and turned away. He wasn’t enough anymore. She should never have allowed herself to think that he’d ever be enough.
Dust flour over the ingredients and stir for a minute or so to cook the flour.
If the Tories do badly tomorrow night then the first ones they will blame will be us in UKIP – it’s always our fault when they lose elections. They won’t blame the other parties standing against them, but for some strange reason they seem to think that UKIP should not oppose them, I don’t know why as we are not the same. They belong to a pro-EU party that has lost its way; we in UKIP are in an anti-EU party that is very focussed, we are not an extension of the Conservative Party, the Labour Party nor any other political party, we are UKIP and are now set on making our mark on British politics, although we will try not to mark the sports all floor.
Then I read about St. Jane Frances de Chantal (1572) as Mr. Blunt writes, " But of all Christian mothers, there is none so strikingly human and at the same time so thoroughly spiritual, as the great wife and mother, a women who lived on earth and in heave at one and the same time." Can I say, Wow.. again!
Hemingway says the group will continue to work with legislators to toughen up animal cruelty laws in Idaho, and may take another try at a ballot initiative for 2014. She says the wording will likely be changed before taking it to the public. And next time around the group will seek financial backing. This latest effort was done with volunteers.
Meyrink sees there a subject to develop. He immediately goes to work and writes a short story entitled The Game of the Crickets, in which he exposes the occult causes of the war.
Back to the Future Club
I went to clinic to discuss a couple of specific things. Top on the list - more supportive bracing because I think Charlie is ready for it. He needs this to pull himself to stand on his own, not in his stander. I addressed this last time we were in the office, because I knew he would be ready about NOW. And I was told we would address it next time. As in YESTERDAY. I brought it up, and the first concern was that his heels are too tight, and that, before he can get the bracing to stand independently, he needs a little procedure to loosen them up. This is surgery, under anesthesia, and while it is a very simple procedure, I am not looking forward to it. But the point is - we should have done this procedure already. They knew a few months ago he would need this (because these things are fairly evident), but it didn't get addressed until yesterday, when I wanted to talk about standing.
And now I’m going to go fall down.
There's a big announcement and big thread running through the show this week as Stewpot promises a competition, one which "everyone watching this evening has got a chance of winning", as if someone unaware of it might guess the address and question. "Get a pencil and paper within the next fifteen to twenty minutes" he further advises. Now, you know how sometimes Jimmy Savile (RIP) will just carry on for ages at the end of an intro because the timings aren't as they should be? Stewpot seems to have a similar problem here, in that he finds himself needing to string out an intro because the music isn't coming in, but instead of spewing forth filler babble he finds himself going uncomfortably staccato. "Lots of good records. Lots of lovely people on the show. And what better. Next. Number two. In the charts. Demis Roussos." It's like his circuitry was breaking down. This is a different performance to that made at DLT's table side and amid shots of a vast space-like blackness perhaps borrowed from Whistle Test after being shorn of their logo it's the grand return of the Noddy Holder's Hat Memorial many mirrored stage backdrop. Standing here stoutly, someone comes up with the idea of training three cameras at him, one profile, two from either side of the face, capturing every glance aside. He gives his all, we'll say that for him.
lacing her shoes,
Dr. Bennett somehow remembered to slip off his shoes before stepping into the water. Before he was in up to his knees he grabbed one little body that floated towards him, lifted it up and deposited it onto the bank. The boy shook Dr. Bennett’s hands off with a ‘I was doing very well on my own, thank you’ look and headed straight back into the water. His second attempt met with more appreciation. Mrs. Warmisham pressed one of her muddy and dripping little girls to her silky floral outfit.
Like the butterfly, there is a letting go that happens for us when we agree to break free from our chrysalis or cocoon. It is a life stage where we transform our old self into something more expanded. The chrysalis is an important part of us, but we cannot stay there, just like we cannot stay in the past. While it can be very scary to burst from the chrysalis when the future is unknown it is the only way to move forward.
In 2004 he won the Democratic nomination for Congress in Missouri’s 8th District.
Neither man allowed me to use his name. Amazon, they made clear, had long since accumulated sufficient influence over their business to ensure that even these most dedicated defenders of the book – and of the First Amendment – dare not speak openly of the company’s predations.
I hope you'll join me this week and show what you've been busy with..
2.) At the beginning of the book it’s mentioned that all profits will go to whale education programs, is that right? Well call me silly, but don’t authors usually publish books to make a profit for themselves? What sparked this idea and do you get to decide which programs get the money? (This is such a loaded question).
In Limpopo province, students started the school year in January without textbooks even though millions of dollars had been allocated for purchases, with media reports saying a politically connected figure may have pocketed the funds.
When I first started my studies here, unlike some of my colleagues I was thrilled to do coursework. It had been so long since I had been enrolled as a student and I began my studies conscious of how much I want and need to learn. And I was tired of setting my own syllabus. Thinking about this stage of my journey, past coursework, when I would write my own exam questions and set my own course of study to prepare for exams, was terrifying.
Contact Mahir Erkan:
With the Market House in the background
Friends, today I write a post in defense of Cameron Muir. It may be the most controversial I’ve ever typed. If you think this is heretical, remember why you read this blog. You come here for fresh perspective, so-so jokes, and the hope that I went easy on your chosen profession.
Thou art my tropics and mine Italy;
The apostle Paul had been raised in Tarsus, a city of Cilicia but trained in Jerusalem. He knew the seasons, the weather patterns and was able to discern the dangers that lay ahead. But he was also a man of prayer having the Spirit of God dwelling in his spirit and soul. He had a Godly communication the world would call nonsense.
I didn't have to sit under an apple tree or wait naked in my bath tub for that to click.
Najib claimed that RM1.5 billion needed was “not substantial compared to EPF funds”. He further added that “the scheme does not undermine the interests of the EPF because the value of the housing units in the market is far higher than the purchase price… If a buyer is unable to or does not repay the loan, the unit can be sold for a higher price.”
(GASP!!) what do you dislike the least?
Pour in the mixture and bake for about 45 minutes until it’s completely set and browning around the edges. Serve hot.
Instead of a wreath at the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier at Arlington, he placed a wreath at the Ghetto Heroes Memorial. This is an important memorial in that it honors the sacrifice of tens of thousands of Jews who were killed in the Warsaw Ghettos uprising on 1943. (Read more … )
I laminated a copy of our Meal Planning Calendar, so that I could fill in our meals each week, and always have a quick reference for the hubs or I when making dinner or taking out frozen chicken breasts for the next evening....
I no longer have to run my children to the nearest
Cutting note: If you are going to be cutting along straight lines, cut against a metal ruler or metal-edged wooden ruler. Your craft knife may get caught on the edge of a wooden or plastic ruler and nick or damage the edge. When cutting with a metal ruler, be careful to keep the sharp edge of your blade from scraping against the metal. This might damage the blade. Try not to push too hard on the ruler when cutting, as it may stick the tone down where you don't want it to go.
as long as she keeps a part of her soul private and intact.
A presto, see you soon
"These shoes," it ran, "were dug up in the moat of Holdernesse Hall. They are for the use of horses, but they are shaped below with a cloven foot of iron, so as to throw pursuers off the track. They are supposed to have belonged to some of the marauding Barons of Holdernesse in the Middle Ages."
In my opinion, the equal protection argument is a slam dunk- these children are clearly being treated differently then other similarly situated children on the basis of their parent's immigration status... its going to be difficult for Florida to come up with a compelling justification for that which makes logical sense. The federal preemption argument, on the other hand, is a touchy subject. It has been a bumpy road for cases using this claim before, and now more than ever, with so many pending challenges to state statutes regulating immigration in some way, it will be interesting to see how the argument fares. One could suspect this case makes the point clearly, that when states try to regulate immigration they end up doing things that hurt citizens as well as non-citizens.
If I am part of your destiny, then someday you will come back to me ...
It was then I realized that, as good as my intentions and my mission were, much of what had been going on was a self-justification project. Justification by ministry was creeping into the heart of my religion. Ministerial opportunities and success were becoming the source of my identity and my righteousness before God, while Christ was being cheapened.
My sweet in-laws are in town this weekend, so we're having my folks over for a little cele'. Also coming...Ellen (sister in-law) and Lucy, BFF Katie, maybe Megan and Emily.
She wanted out
The bench subsequently gave the provincial government 24 hours to submit the complete details of missing persons.
Seeks to revert,
Maritha
I just heard someone say there are 365 verses in the Bible referring to Fear Not! I looked it up on several sites and, sure enough, there are Three Hundred Sixty Five references in the Bible about Fear(ing) Not!
The documentary Poliwood, directed by Barry Levinson, explores how the celebrity and the politician have merged into a single entity; there is no clear distinction between the two anymore, if there ever was one. The celebrity adopts and dramatizes public issues, the politician is required to present their arguments with the skills of an entertainer, and both are required to perform on camera.
It is amazing how technology has transformed our way of living. Many years ago this would have just been a wishful thought but now everything just seems within reach in the convenience of your own home especially when you turn on your computer and get online. Now with the United Nation’s recognition of internet use as a basic human right, we can foresee the importance of the technology in communication and trade not just today but more so in the coming generations.
When an unsuspecting person can be betrayed as to uphold a presented idea as indicating something real, which means the idea is attributed weight or value, then that person can be somatically affected. The reason is that ideas act as directives to the body, so if the idea is treated as a pointer to some real condition then it will lead to somatic reactivity. The examples as we saw so far are found in the creation of heart attack scare (medically called a panic attacks) and the real heart attack, which are essentially the same thing but with a little preparatory work on the part of the culprits. Thus given the right conditions ideas can be used as powerful weapons but only when the person targeted is unsuspecting of the foul play and medically misinformed.
Released in 1966 her Country Christmas album reached number 103 on the Billboard charts. Another great tune to be found on the album is I Won't Decorate Your Christmas Tree….now what did I say about risque.
Materials : Quality Stretchy Cotton & Mesh Lace
I loved working on these. Something very freeing in the whimsical style and bold detail. I painted them a bit differently than I'd normally paint minis, since these are toy bears and I wanted them to stay looking like toy bears. So bold, bright colors, very simple NMM (non-metal metal) painting of any metal parts (since they have wooden swords painted to look like swords). I love details like the cork-pop guns, and how the captain's peg leg is fake: he has his legbent behind him, resting his knee on a stick to make it look like a peg leg. This was a pain and a half to photo though. I'd have done it a bit differently if I were to do it over, I learned a lot and got some ideas for scenic picture settings, so looking forward to next year's LPL!
Known for their hip music scene and trivia nights, Mucky Duck will also be hosting an ALMS themed Trivia Night for all to enjoy the thrill of competition! Not only it will be a good night for fans to gather and compete for a cool prize from the race track, there will also be a car competing in the racing series parked outside (if weather/other conditions permits). Those who wants to snag a photo with a race car, make sure you stop by~ Beer, music, food (mmm lamb burger), new friends, motorsports ~ Don’t miss out!
But I've always found the message oddly poignant.
Keep Yourself Alert With Security Alarm Systems
“For most of us, ‘home’ equates to safety and security,” said Straughan. “For the homeless, daily life is exposed and vulnerable. This legislation will make the law a bastion to which our homeless can retreat for safety and sanctuary.”
The Fed sets short-term interest rates, whereas long-term rates are pegged to the 10-year Treasury bond, which is a function of how much premium bond buyers demand for investing in a supposedly safe government asset instead of riskier ones.
1163. – Dinner @ The Finish Line (Scott & Vickie’s – Malvern, PA) –
image:digitalart/freedigitalphotos.net
The Hawks investigators have not interviewed Malema on the matter yet. On Saturday, Malema confirmed that he was not interviewed by the Hawks. “They must come and interview me. Ratanang, they will talk what? There is no problem. Ratanang has declared its taxes since inception without failure,” he said.
So, tell me.
(thank you) (this is not medical) (this is not about our marriage)
According to ISRI, recycling one ton of steel conserves 2,500 lbs. of iron ore, 1,400 lbs. of coal and 120 lbs. of limestone, and the energy saved using recycled materials versus virgin materials is up to 58 percent for iron and steel, 92 percent for aluminum and 90 percent for copper. If the ferrous scrap that is recycled in the United States were put into rail cars, the train would stretch 11,349 miles, nearly halfway around the world.
For instance, if you wanted to try out some new stupid pills you’ve invented on a selection of non-consenting minors (and who wouldn’t?), you might want to slip them to your high-scoring kids from the test, before they move on to the neurosurgery module. Most of them would do worse, and you might conclude that they have indeed got stupider. Actually, they’re just as average as they ever were, but their luck has evened out.
This experiment produced measurable progress in their playing and, since we couldn’t predict the direction their minds would travel while in right-brain mode, we all felt a new sense of adventure.
Anyway its gone now - my friend was delighted with it and I learned something so thats a result
Surely there could bo no truer picture taken of Jesus at any point in His life than as He appeared in that last view of Him which this world enjoyed. In heaven now he is still a blessing Savior, holding up pierced hands before God in intercession, and reaching down gracious hands full of benedictions for our sad, sinful earth.
So you can see why I wanted the perfect nude pump, but only in my price range. Never in a million years did I dream that I would find, in my exact size, some gorgeous Aldo MOOS pumps in Natural (going for $75 plus shipping on their website), brand-new looking, at my local thrift store for $6. Yup, you heard right. Six. Dollars. I'm one happy girl. The Thrift Store gods smiled upon me.
It is also the most potent of these three greenhouse gases as it is a much better absorber of infrared radiation; however, the total anthropogenic emissions are about six million metric tons of nitrogen as N2O compared to ten billion metric tons of carbon as CO2.
pinch of salt and pepper
Thursday and Friday we hung at home which Fa loves because she can just PLAY! We did go to the library for a few hours on Thursday. Then on Saturday, K, Fa, me, T, and K’s boyfriend went to our local theme park Kings Dominion. We had a good time riding rides and laughing.
When up is where you shouldn’t be.
Other: Perlenpen, Twinkling H20's, brads, Spellbinder dies, flowers
NAUGHTY NAUGHTY!
This year the theme was We Are One. Not only is it an incredible message, but the song is absolutely beautiful. It was sung by all the students in the school, and the staff as well. The musicians in the background are teachers and students too - David is even playing the guitar if you listen closely :)
Mr. Oyerinde, a member of the executive council of NLC who
*About 1 cup (100g) grated Gouda cheese, and a bit more to sprinkle on top
The first thing that the Collins touched on was his second year guard Evan Turner. The Ohio State standout is expected to play a bigger role for the Sixers this season and his work throughout the summer could go a long way toward the Sixers taking another step. One way that Collins believes Turner can help is to develop and sustain his mid range game.
Malema’s lawyers handed in papers to the ANC’s national disciplinary committee of appeal on Thursday, asking them to reconsider his five-year suspension from the ANC.
89) I am the type of woman that would appreciate home appliances or power tools for her birthday, anniversary, etc.
I received this card way back in one of my first blog trades almost four years ago. I believe it was from Dinged Corners. They liked to send wacky photos like this and this is a wacky one.
- 1 Nutter Butter granola bar
‘But most of all the public needs to be told how NATO’s weapons of mass destruction are poisoning other countries around the world including this one. The U.S. has permanently contaminated the global atmosphere with radiation that has a half-life of two and a half billion years. Under the right conditions one alpha particle of uranium causes cancer. A pinhead of DU releases 12,000 alpha particles a second. I’ve seen a buried report that shows that uranium aerosols have been blown up here on wind currents from the war zone resulting in concentrations of uranium over Reading high enough to alert the Environment Agency, who decided that nobody needed to know.
Some of my books have pages that have been stained with tears and some have flowers pressed in the pages. There are some whose pages are brown and crackly around the edges. This is because they had the misfortune of being in the direct path of one of my many coffee spills. Sometimes I come across a book that has pages falling out of it or one that has lost it's cover. It doesn't matter. I love them despite their defects.
I’ve limited this discussion to shows I can actually recall watching within this 2-year period in the early 1970s. My parents loved California when we lived there, I have childhood pictures where I’m wearing a leather vest with fringes on it, my preschool teacher had hair down to her backside and I can distinctly recall flower children, hippies and giant afros, going to picnics in beautiful places in forests and my first days and years in school. Mix all of that together – taken alongside even earlier strange happenings and memories at Hamilton AFB in Nevado, California – and you have neurons firing in a manner that creates a neural net of a certain type.
Love Train Express by Rocket from the Tombs
The cost of making you righteous is very great. Jesus loves you so much that he decided to pay the price for you. Because if Him you can be a good person if you believe and repent. Don’t take his love or gift for granted.
He talks about nations versus empires. "Empires consist of peoples of different religions, languages, cultures, races and nationalities," he said. "Nations are dominated by one group that makes up a majority of the population. Nations are inherently stable while empires are always unstable."
In such an eventuality, no particularly careful analysis of the process of de-Islamization would be necessary. Indeed, the main problem would be determining how to restrict the measures brought to bear on Muslims to the minimum necessary, rather than allowing a resentful population to create great suffering for millions. However, though political parties explicitly opposed to the Islamic penetration of their countries have started to become more visible presences on their respective domestic political scenes, it is hard to predict a rapid change in attitudes towards Islam on the part of major political parties and thousands of influential people in the media and academia. The sheer magnitude of the intellectual and emotional investment in their current stance vis-à-vis Islam prohibits it.
Nick and Hank arrive at Ariel’s to find her house full of copper but no fire-dancer. Homeward bound they go. When Nick arrive home, he finds a half-naked woman on his bed and he obliges until he realizes it’s Ariel. She escapes by blowing fire at him.
Dutch This is welfair
A group of ladies had Happy Hour at TRIO at the Four Seasons on a Monday night - organized by Allison. Just to show you how far TRIO went to make sure our evening was heavenly, not only did the staff expect us, they recognized us. If I didn't already have a lustful relationship with TRIO, I would have thought that they were stalking us. I started by a visit to the bar (I had chit chat with my favorite bar tender, Susie) and a glass a Reisling. When we got to the table, Allison and Jaye let the cat out of the bag. We were all presented with gift bags containing a $50 gift certificate to their spa services (can we say bomb diggity awesome??!!?) as well as some lotion and soap.
“Can we get muffins?”
Then I gave her her first Herbology assignment, a journal page researching a plant that has been around almost unchanged for most of the Earth's history. It's due tomorrow evening as well (I cut her some slack today).
Can Jordan get to Jared before it’s too late? Will he find out his secret and save his friend, his love, from the monster that wants every bit of Jared? And will Jared be able to break away from the creature of the night before he loses, not only Jordan, but his life as well?
· 2 tbsp grain mustard
Length : Chapter
Dealing with the lack of care from the ‘caring’ profession has been almost as hard as dealing with the injury. Knowing in your bones that you are ill, but its not being acknowledged or taken seriously is, as many people sadly know, extremely distressing. In my case, if I had received the appropriate care on the day of the accident and in the weeks immediately following, I feel sure that I would be closer to recovery now and that the past eight months would have been more bearable. It was only after seeing three different doctors over the course of the year that I summoned up the resolve and mental energy, in November, to go to a fourth GP and ask for a referral to a specialist. This week, at last, I saw a neurologist. He made it clear that I should have been referred to neurological specialists on the day of the accident or as soon as possible thereafter. It is, he said all too common for significant brain injuries to be overlooked by primary healthcare professionals (your GP, in Britain) and for patients to have to cope alone, being eventually – if at all – referred to neurology months too late to be helpful.
Tuesday: 10.55 miles at a 10:20 pace. I met my friend Sarah for a run on the DesPlaines River trail. Her knee has been bugging her, so we took it easy (10:48, 11:32, 11:05, 11:15). Her knee twinged in the second mile, but loosen up after that. After Sarah left, I picked it up for a few (9:45, 9:31, 9:44, 9:34) but then I got really tired, so I slowed down at the end (10:00, 10:09, 10:37 for the last bit).
In my last post, I told you about the relentless campaign by evil leftists to destroy Donald Douglas of the America Power blog, if you have not read it yet, please do, HERE. If you would like to join the Roll Call list of supporters who are publicly standing up against those who would silence the truth tellers, let me know and I'll add you and/or your blog. Please also read what other bloggers are saying about this by visiting the posts linked at the blogs below:
I can just picture him saying something like : “I know you’ve been slogging your way through year after year of marginal movies by marginal directors… you know.. aside from my very own Avatar, but not to worry… I’m here to solve your boredom and lift you out of the doldrums of film watching by presenting you… with a movie you’ve already seen a million times. You’re Welcome.”
...he's getting rather talkative.
Brewed on 04/19/2009 by myself.
I will finally have time to be in my studio and work on my paintings rather than having to be stuck to a 9-5 office job, although I'll still be doing some consulting work, I'll be able to work on my paintings for longer periods of time and have the luxury of drawing and even producing some prints as well.
That says, "Allain" - a quick search doesn't tell me anything about the maker, other than this is probably from the 50s or 60s. But what an awesome gift!
Of course, they just announced the new Nikon D3200. So, I have that as my option if I’m willing to wait longer. But if you’re an avid photographer, any recommendations?
Mr. Jones continued to yell that he had the right to show his breasts in public and wanted to be recognized as a female.
To part the blades with prints or worse
As far as my points system goes. I didn't track over the weekend at all. I considered making weekends free days. I have since changed my mind though. It's much to easy to go overboard and feel a bit out of control. This system isn't permanent, it's only a tool to help me reach my goal. So, back on track today. Oh...it's WAY tougher to get my full day of points (thus earning the extra point for the day) than I thought. The sticking point is this expectation for exercise. I don't want to lower my personal expectation though right? So, I've been earning 5 points a day for most days. It's ok though, I shouldn't have any problem with the Tues & Thurs workouts. It's just been having enough time to get the full 2.5 mile run in on my run days. Time is the problem more than physical ability. I'll have to start getting up a bit earlier I think.
The post-it note holder is a clear acrylic photo frame with some paper cut to fit. This is a handy addition on my desk next to the computer, where before I was always searching for the post-it note pad that someone would walk off with (and forget to put back).
~Porkchops with applesauce & broccoli
Luke 17:3-4 is a key passage that quotes our Lord:
In that time I have had the great privilege and honor to work with and meet -- and in some cases become friends with -- a lot of amazing advertising people.
What is the historical cause of the problems between Pakistan and India?
Tues. I went it, armed with my mom and one side and Tom on the other side and we got the news that the whole left thyroid was ALL cancer. Anyone interested, the size was 6.1 x 4.4 x 4.4 cm weighing 61 gm. The pathology report said that it is Papillary Thyroid Carcinoma, Follicular Variant.
Panelists:
“I've had a love affair with cans since I was a young boy,” says Robinson, the founder of Sun King Brewing Company, a 2009 microbrewery start-up in Indianapolis. “Dave Colt (Sun King’s brewer) and I both had beer can collections as kids.”
We found a good parking spot and hiked a little way in to find a good little section of an awesome hill for sledding. Matt went down first, and he went down FAST. I started to get a little bit nervous. Especially since some jerkface was sitting at the bottom of the hill with his dogs, and would not move. But I decided to face my fear, and started down the hill.
I’m not even exaggerating. The first hour in church is nothing but praise and worship. concert style, then an interview with whoever it may be that Sunday. Just the one before last, we had Eric Omondi, Ojwang’ and Mama Kayai. They rock.
316 and
Rebecca:hi Darling ! where you been ? i was waiting for you.
I don't think the heartbreak is over any person, but over whatever it was in my life that compels me to somehow deny my own existence to the point that I feel honor bound to drive away the people I most want close. I'm speaking of women here. But I guess I keep everyone at more than arm's distance.
I’m sorry that there will be no fiber arts in this post, nor any musings about my family or bi-polar disorder. I feel that this post contains something that needs to be said. I don’t generally go out of my way to do or say anything controversial. I am a firm believer in “he who sticks his neck out is the one who gets his head chopped off.” But this subject seems to be appearing more and more lately, and it needs to be addressed.
While reading, I realised how little I know about China now. Like the protagonist, Judge Birgitta Roslin, I was quite interested in China in the 1960s. My interest was sparked by reading a book by Felix Greene, The wall has two sides, and one of the things that caught and held my interest was the mention of the fact that there were trolley buses I had a thing about trolley buses back then, and still interested in them even today, though there are now none left in South Africa.
Fourteen (14) pages (15 if you count double pager as two) Jungle Action #11
in the image of God he created them;
36. I am a size 8 on the bottom and a size 12 on the top.
Smile :) have a good day!
two weeks
- September 11th Security Fee: A September 11th Security Fee of $2.50 applies per enplanement originating at a U.S. airport up to $10 per roundtrip.
*hadeih…
I loved the fact that my dad rarely left the dance floor during the entire reception!! And how our band had everyone circle around us and sing to us "Lean On Me" for the last song of the evening!
Late Night Shows
MISSION: Kuiper Belt Exploration and Prospect Analysis
“It’s more than likely that the gas exploded and blew it’s own fire out,” said Arik, “but it is equally likely that there is a gas build up now, and so any spark can touch it off again!”
Re-Animator is a comedic romp through sex and gore that keeps going until the very end credits. Just about every body part and character is splattered on a wall, and each time it gets funnier and funnier.
His big thick masculine hand gently clutched her delicate diminutive hand escorting her to an awaiting suite on the 30th floor.
~Wind and cold weather suck. Especially when it's supposed to be warm so that I can kick the kids outside to play.
how about another joke?
"You could have loved me that day and maybe I believed it then, but now I need proof. Do you love me?"
Chiffonade of fresh basil, 1/4 cup (measured after cutting)
I learned at the event that the florist store was actually their very first outlet, so I must have been one of their early customers! They are now featured in Nordstrom department stores, so have clearly come a long way. I also learned that the company is called Tea because Tea is something that is universal across cultures. One of the unique things about the collection is that each season they pick a country, visit it and use the culture as inspiration for the prints and styles of the clothes. This fall's collection was inspired by Mexico.
Ummm I hadn't heard that rumor. Joe went on Test Track with the kids while I stayed with sleeping Brooklyn. None of them died.
My birthday was whilst I was away and of course that called for me to make a meringue :-) The children made me some lovely handmade gifts, Mr Sweetpea got me a diamond ring which was lovely (nothing too huge but perfect for my dainty fingers) and my sis got me a 'Keep calm and have a cupcake' sign and a lovely box to hold buttons or threads in. The lovely Bearsfootprints made me a wonderful Bee keyring, she machine embroidered it herself - it is adorable (I will post a piccy next time). I was also given some money from everyone else to spend at some point - my Mother-in-Law joked that I may have spent it by my next birthday :-) I think after years of saving and paying our mortgage I am not really sure how to spend properly any more.
Pattern: Buttrick 6164 top from 1999, and my go to skirt Vintage McCalls 9400 from the 50′s
I have to say that it is a pleasure to use and you'd be hardpressed to make the same card as the next person because there are so many variations - then, when we take the resize function is taken into consideration....
The boyfriend does not provide food or cleaning supplies. I've had to send money for diapers for the baby on a few occasions. The furnace has been broken since October and he hasn't bothered to fix it. It's his excuse to keep the baby with his mom.
711 D-II/4/1976. Discussion of current events with Gore Vidal, John Bartlow Martin, and Irving Kupcinet. Kup’s Show, Channel 5-TV, Chicago, Illinois. (Incorporated in Item C-1977(2), above, pp. 355-59.)
Are they the victims of a sinister crime wave? Have they had a mishap at sea and fallen overboard, or perhaps chosen to take their own lives?
I read 5 books this month, 4 of them on my Kindle Fire. And I didn't like it, and I'm thinking that's why I didn't read more... Middle Sis and I disagree a bit on the value of a Kindle reader - I ABSOLUTELY want people to read and if they're going to read on an electronic reader, so be it. I'm okay with that. I rank it up there with Goosebumps books: there are no real socially redeeming characteristics about the Kindle (or Goosebumps books), EXCEPT perhaps non-readers might read using their reader, and that is, of course, most definitely more redeeming than not. I will be a Kindle reader while traveling, especially because if I finish a book, I can easily just buy another, without having to carry a spare or two in my carry-on, but I predict you're going to see a huge reduction in "Kindle" titles in my monthly reading lists over the next month or so...
My lovely neighbor Jenn and a gaggle of choir kids and chaperones have spent the past week in New York City, continuously posting photo after photo of themselves in iconic spots: atop the Empire State Building, in Times Square, at the Natural History Museum.
Be on YOUR toes! God is always on the move! We will be in an uncomfortable situation… it takes FAITH to beat it! Position your heart and go after it!
Caleb, Becca, Sakari and Huxley David
I stood looking into the studio from backstage and waited for instructions. Some guy came over and instructed my on what to do when I was cued to walk up to the podium and meet both the host of the show and the person who had been picked to be my partner. Since winning was based of a collaborative effort with someone that I had never met, I was a little scared. I was hoping that I wasn’t paired up with some bimbo who didn’t know anything.
Me: (I'll take the HIGH road here and be super nice and set an example for him and everyone behind me) Good morning. I need to return this.
As much as I would love to sit and gush, there is a thunderstorm arriving any minute to put me to sleep!
Here is Wryn Whatcha Doin'? I printed the images slightly larger than my previous card so I had to make the windows a bit larger which turned this card into a larger card. I folded an 8.5 x 11 inch cardstock in half to accommodate both girls and their windows/homes.
Maybe you are used to the marshmallow covered sweet potato "pie" served so often served at Thanksgiving, maybe you like your sweet potatoes baked and topped with sweet cinnamon butter. These sweet potatoes are usually whipped with cream or butter and then topped with sugar or marshmallows and baked. The result, a dish that could pass for dessert disguised as a side dish.
After a series of assholes who continually tried to control me and slept around, I thought I found the one man whom I could finally trust. He was the complete opposite and I did not know it until we were dating. I fell in love with him because he was a sweet honest man, one who took life as it came at him. It was not until a few months in that I realised that he had never once called me in the middle of the night demanding I return home immediately, and that I could stop counting the number of condoms in the house.
Comments/RTs as ever welcomed, thanks for reading Jx 
Um, that's the one I picked.
(sparc) 3.02.005d
2. Line a dish with baking parchment, pour in the mixture & press down firmly. Leave in the fridge to set for 20 mins.
I love my friends.
Clenching his teeth against the pain, he rolled off the rocky shelf that served as his bed. He could not walk because his stupid horse had fallen on him and crushed one of his legs. He crawled across the floor, the bandaged stump of his arm leaving a trail of blood. The mirror had cracked, making a jagged line across his mother’s face to match the scar Arthur’s sword had left across his own.
This pilsner smells delicious. It pours to a deep golden colour with a frothy white head. It smells like any great pilsner should. It’s of note that I haven’t had a sip yet so these are just initial thoughts. I really hope it lives up to the hype I’m giving it. Before I could even get this out and a drop in my mouth my wife swindles the glass and takes the first sip. She says she likes it, so that is already boding well for me.
"Man, i so could,..just fries, and a drink, zzzzzzz.. HA HA HA! WHOO!! I could fuck McDonalds right now! I am LOVIN' THIS!"
It really hit me a couple of weeks ago as I was going through the check out line @ a local electronics store.
Chapter Listing:
Ahhh Monday, what a beautiful day of the week. How many post can I make about this wonderful day? Personally, I think millions. Yup, this is the day most people joke about, hate, and just wish was never around, but again today we need to stress the importance of a Monday.
3) I adopted a puppy. Which is probably the most energy consuming thing I've ever done
I deposited the befouled purse on a picnic table in the direct sunlight for the duration. Kept an eye on it, but really? If you wanted to steal it? I say, have at it! Enjoy the syphillis you catch from it!
and the door to my oldest son's room.
Andrew made plans for 30 minutes from now he forgot to mention.
Texas Born, Bred, Brewed and Proud:
and remember a fossilised trilobite
This recipe makes about 18 kolaches, depending on how large you make them. And the variations are endless. For additional flavor you can soak the dried fruit in tea such as Earl Grey or you could sprinkle goat cheese on the apricot kolaches before baking. You can also make sausage and jalapeno kolaches by wrapping the three-inch flattened piece of dough around a two-inch piece of sausage and a couple of pickled jalapeno slices.
Common Unschooling Questions Answered
i know that I have been absent from here lately....Things are just crazy right now...
this site is the brain child of Angi Barrs and Yvonne Yam
"Remember that case of nasty chicken bones we got last Wednesday? Maybe there's an epedemic of bad stocks sweeping the city..."
I always find that when I use 6 x 6 papers, I am left with loads of strips as I tend to only use enough to cover a notecard. This way, you waste no paper at all. Better for the environment as well as saving money. Yay!
it will not be visible.
to the shaken and shackled psyche
Light Bulbs – “If every American home replaced just one light bulb with a light bulb that’s earned the Energy Star, we would save enough energy to light 3 million homes for a year, save about $600 million in annual energy costs, and prevent 9 billion pounds of greenhouse gas emissions per year, equivalent to those from about 800,000 cars.” – energystar.gov Next time a bulb goes out, try replacing them with a CFL bulb or a new LED bulb.
Here is another example using Pinks. Again I have marked the area where the Copics have feathered out of the image. I am definitely NOT happy with this quality of work!
I Found You
Developed in 1973, the multifamily community is 259,200 square feet on 17.9 acres in the Stone Mountain submarket. The property, which was 84 percent leased at the time of sale, has been renamed Marquise Ridge.
Fact #7: Rice Krispies are only silent for Sara Lomas.
Lets just touch on sickness for a moment, then I want to get to those spirally things (smile.) Any sort of fear lowers the vibration within your body… whether it is for 5 minutes or 5 years. Our fears have become vast and we want to blame it on so many things. Food has become a huge culprit of our blame game. ”It’s not me, its the food.” bullshit. It’s you!! The food, whether an allergy or simply a mind construct around it, is reflecting back to you what you need to heal within yourself. We have a tendency to just avoid that food. Much like we avoid people who piss us off. No one on earth can piss us off. We choose to take whatever their trigger was and blame it on them. This decreases the energy vibration within the DNA as well… until we get to a point where we can either no longer move because we are so sick, or because we are so depressed (all that light vibration being held down) we cannot move.
But sometimes justice does rear its head, and in the most delightful, outstanding of ways.
it just turned out that the surgeon was being extra extra careful - which we definitely appreciate.
I'm pretty pleased with myself that a full 50% of these books are Australian! Also pretty pleased with the diversity. Fiction. Nonfiction. YA. Picture books. Adult books. Interesting to note that no adult fiction made my list. I hope to remedy that next year. The TBR always looms large.
When we were children, my brother wood burned this verse, (italics,) into a wall plaque for my grandmother:
Me and my brothers went up to Menara Maybank to get a better view of the crowds. From the left side, the Pudu Bus Station, towards on the right heading to Jalan Tun Perak, it’s a sea of people in yellow. Massive! Then around 12.30pm, the crowd lead by Unit Amal Pas, wearing red shirts, moved towards Jalan Tun Perak heading the Dataran Merdeka.
We unload our green and red fold-up chairs and sit down for a brew. Danny smokes his catch directly in the fire – a tiger trout! It is too delicious, and I tell the fish thank you for the great dinner.
Well. The two hour premiere and return of Mad Men did not disappoint. The slow pace, sidelong glances, sexy and sexist repartee, the sets, the clothes, the booze, the smoking, and catching up with our favorite characters to see what they've been doing for the last two years, well that two hours just floated by.
The meaning of life is proportional to the obsession with the meaning of life, and inversely proportional to how much that being doesn’t think about what he’s doing while he’s doing it. To the power of everything is going to die eventually and how can you have meaning where there is nothing? Even the meaning of life is as fleeting as our time on this Earth and just about as relevant. We are pea-brained birds migrating south out of an ancient and instinctual need, rotting slowly but staying succulent for a while. Down south, the trees won’t be naked anymore, we’ll be all thawed out and there won’t be any need to think about it. And while we’re dying slowly, we might as well do the stupid shit we aren’t supposed to do so when we’re done, we can say, “Hey, I did that on the flight in!” Life is the only journey there is. Do interesting things. Engage each other. Take pictures. Regret nothing. Care about everything. Grow your home into a leafy fortress against inevitability. Don’t dwell on your mortality. Live and immortalize everything you can.
# 5 is my second cousin, Howard. He was an only child. I think he must have been the envy of every kid on the block!
After I finished that, I went to work on my next BJP flower. Guess what birthstone is February? Amethyst. Needless to day - I'm a bit purpled out.
Well this year she is doing a Easter swap that involves our children!!
Nuan treats all her customers equally well. Whether they’re a retired pensioner living modestly or a billionaire like Donald Trump.
Yes, I know I’m the only person still watching that.
My Thoughts: Such a fun new series! I liked the main characters right away. I could tell they had a strong emotional attachment to each other and would make a good team in running the new Honeybee Bakery. Katie is a wonderful baker with lots of hands-on experience and Aunt Lucy has some special skills to add to the mix. She's a real sweetie-pie but not exactly your typical aunt; she's a witch! Aunt Lucy's book club is a little more than just a group of ladies who like to read. I loved reading about their exploits. This group reminded me of Dolores Riccio's Divine Circle of Ladies, one of my favorite cozy series!
Feta cheese (plain or Mediterranean flavored), crumbled
“You look like an onion.”
In Radio Belly, Cram excels most when her stories are a little less literal. My favourites were the weirdest. There are nine stories, beginning with "Mineral by Mineral" in which a woman finds herself with a deep hunger for soil and other inedibles after her life falls apart. It's insightful and observant, the wry comments at which Cram is so good, passages like:
As it was already said the camera unlike the human eye record everything, then what, at first, escaped our sight resulting invisible, will appear in the photo... READ MORE
I spent Monday evening with Julia from ZATI and Rachel from Mambo Magazine, G&T’s in Mercurys and dinner at Tatu’s really good getting some perspective on the similar issues and challenges we all face working in Tourism here, it’s easy to forget that we are all in the same boat.
Gatlin too showed a penchant for fast 4x4 splits when he was at Tennessee. Often turning in low 44 second relay legs. While he hasn't been injured since 2003, time away from the sprints can have the same sort of effect as far as taking away from one's quickness. So potentially we're looking at Gatlin coming back and NOT being a 9.77 sprinter. Perhaps more of a high 9.8x to low 9.9x sprinter.
Lisa: I think for the most part, I’m more of the funny/dorky one and he is a little more reserved, but what can I say, opposites attract. What he does to make me laugh though is he always laughs at my jokes, even though it’s just me being weird. Haha. Best quality.. Ah, there’s so many, but if I haaaave to narrow it down. It would be that he has a heart of gold. Purely genuine and very understanding. His worst quality: Hahaha, He can be a little too nice. I do get scared that he may get taken advantage of, but I make sure to level that out.
26. Under Wah-Wah (02:51)
A supernova is an extremely luminous explosion of a star with a burst of radiation that often briefly outshines the entire galaxy in which the star resides. It can take several weeks or months for a supernova to fade, over this time it can emit as much energy as the Sun over its whole life span. The explosion expels most, if not all, of a star's matter into space, creating a shock wave. The shock wave sweeps up dust and gas from the star an the interstellar medium, creating at supernova remnant. These remnants are usually what you see in images from the Hubble Space Telescope and other telescopes.
Pai had been in a finance role as Chief Financial Officer of Infosys since 1994, and later took responsibility for the critical functions of human resources and education. He is also a well-known public face and has been part of various committees such as the Kelkar committee for reforming direct taxes and is currently on the SEBI board
You might think that was my most embarrassing moment, but sadly it was not since there were no witnesses.
The total incidence of sudden death that can be attributed to nothing beyond heart failure is a complete mystery. The young and symptom-free may be the tip of the iceberg.
A conventional Linear damper is made up from a cylindrical body in which a damper rod slides in and out of (much like a bicycle pump). A valve at the end of the damper rod passes through the inside of the cylinder which is filled damper oil and the oil passing through the vales controls the rate of movement of the damper. Being cylindrical it is easy to machine in a lathe and oil is kept in place with simple circular seals.
If you’re expecting great literature, you’ll be disappointed. If you want a readable tale with an interesting twist on a familiar story, you certainly could do worse than The Last Ringbearer.
I check Sahana’s email randomly. She knows she shouldn’t have any expectations of privacy in social media till she is 18. Her journal, on the other hand, is her own, private sanctity, safe from her mother’s prying eyes. I respect her privacy in her journal completely. To be truthful, I am afraid to look at it, since she vents her anger in her journal and that anger, frustration is generally directed at me!
No time to post recipes, but may I remind you of one from long ago, slow roast tomatoes? If you´re in a place, like Madrid, where it is possible to come back from the market with arms groaning under the weight of ripe beautiful tomatoes bought for a few coins, you have to make it.
“Apparently,” he returned. But she could tell he was hiding something. His eyes darted away from her quickly. But she could not for the life of her even begin to imagine what that could be.
Mike Fuller: 1. Before The Amendment. Every American Can Be Able To Be Candidate Even If Immigrant To The Presidential Election. NO DELAY!!
And that the instruction manual is unfathomably translated from mandarin.
where you find
“Her memories of the Christians who populated her youth were not fond ones,” Obama wrote. “For my mother, organized religion too often dressed up closed-mindedness in the garb of piety, cruelty and oppression in the cloak of righteousness.”
Our bodies were made to stretch in ways your mama never told you - all to grow a love that gives us a glimpse of how He loves us.
we asked Germans develop a framework in line with our national such as the Council in order to take advantage of international experience to help us to find a structure that is flexible and is serious in taking the decision away from the bureaucracy.
If you gain an extra $100 a week, and then work to find out how you can keep the extra money and continue to make it every week, you have changed your comfort zone.
﻿Mr de Charette stared at her as if he had seen a ghost.
Daughter: nothings the matter
Road Trippin’
96. Time is not a line but a dimension, like the dimensions of space. —Margaret Atwood, Cat's Eye (1988)
around
Here I am, putting the finishing touches on a proof for a customer. Charlotte crawled into my lap whining, "I wanna hold you, Mama." She then promptly rested her head on my arm as I used the mouse and drifted off to sleep. I snapped a quick picture because I often face the question, "How DO you do it?" Well, folks, this is how I do it. Pretty glamourous, huh?
She really did love it at first though. Maybe she just felt uneasy because she sensed a tsunami coming on?
OK, things have been a bit quiet on the cake front lately. What with work, children, that kind of thing. So inevitably there was some question in the office 'where have Coops' cakes gone?!'.
Surprise! Here's an obscure Christmas album with a horrible cover. The pressing is crap with several little dimples in the wax.
Most of the other rich nations have agreed to curbs under the United Nation’s “Kyoto Protocol” but President George W. Bush pulled out of Kyoto in 2001, saying it would be too costly and wrongly exclude developing nations.
I also snapped these photos today of a few other things I wanted to remind myself to always be thankful for...
Luke Gahan’s experience of love, marriage and divorce shows that same-sex couples can face the same difficulties as their opposite-sex counterparts.
Yes. Flipping through the TV channels would be a very interesting pass time, much more interesting than looking for shapes in the tile on the floor, or watching movie reruns over, and over.
“You dare challenge me, woman? You don’t understand who you’re dealing with.” He fought the desire to have this woman’s blood and sex this minute. Crikey! What am I thinking? I like my women young, sexy, and very blonde. Not…not anything like this woman.
December 2nd I met with my friend Peter who was also my life coach at that time. We met in Starbucks for a session and he told me to take control and teach others how to treat me, to not allow any negatives or put downs! He told me I didn’t stand up for myself and to just “do it!” (geez isn’t that a Nike commercial?) and that I’d find it very empowering. He made me aware that I was allowing some to talk to me that way and that I had to stop it. I was having a few in my inner circle who seemed overly critical and judgemental and who also voiced what they thought I should be doing more often than not.
Gondor Warriors. Human Infantry – S 15cm – F d6 – D d6 – A 2 – M d6 – W 5 – P 5
Description: NAB Labs will present the participants in the 2012 International Research Park. Several participants will make brief presentations describing their demonstrations on hand, including the world’s largest (200”) glasses-free 3D display. Members of the press will then be invited to visit all the IRP exhibits for special press tours.
Plus she looked like Wayne's childhood cat Veikko.
This is a circle of pate sucrée topped with a spiral of sponge and strawberry cream, all masked with more strawberry cream, then topped with a disc of marzipan covered with tempered chocolate and then decorated with some piped strawberry cream, piped chocolate and a sliced strawberry.
I feel their stares
Sunday was a regular church day but we did have a lot of fun playing in the backyard after the kids’ nap. We had a kickball game and we played soccer. Drew and I had fun, as well as the kids.
It took me the 40 minute drive home to cool down to the place that I wouldn't completely let the manager of our complex have it. I wish I could say that this was a moment where I trusted the Lord and said, "Its in your hands." But instead I told Him all the reasons that this couldn't be happening and how UNFAIR it was and how it was my RIGHT for it to turn out the way I wanted.
The conference is fun, but use your chemicals in the approved areas. Misbehaving chemists will be thrown in the pool of Benzene Rings, so mind your carbon atoms. There will be lectures and whiskey.
I have learned every once in a while, something happens… something little or something huge… that just smacks you in the face like a wet rag and says, “love & kindness are out there!”
For my first play time with the new toys, I went for the starfish and seahorse cookie cutters. I had cookie dough left from my last round with tropical themed cookies so that saved time. I always try to make extra and keep in the fridge or freezer. Baked off a couple of dozen - ended up with two different seahorses - so I tried them both.
The Holy Bible (New International Version) 1978.
Despite Rondo’s suspension, Rivers said earlier in the day that he wouldn’t be tempted to rush ailing shooting guard Ray Allen back into the lineup for Game 2.
3 stamp sets (1 clear mount set with clear block)
"The Bonanza hosts more than 130 juried "junk" vendors of vintage finds, beautiful antiques, one-of-a-kind and artisan-repurposed pieces. The 2010 gathering included more than 10,000 visitors who found their special treasure at the three-day, indoor, event."
1900s: E.M. Forster’s “The Machine Stops”: Part of me is arguing for H.G. Wells’s A Modern Utopia here, and I even picked Jack London’s The Iron Heel as my 1900s novel in the original exercise. However, Forster’s prescient story seems like a great starting point–especially for students living in this internet-saturated, information-on-demand era. One could set it up in lecture by referencing it as response to Wells’s utopian works, which would allow for some background on the transition from utopian modes to a predominantly dystopian tendency (and this response to Wells’s influence is obviously an ongoing point in the texts that follow–maybe I would have to cheat and teach Wells too).
So here are some observations, a look into what I do, and an idea of what your potential service will look like.
2. Cooperative Calligraphy: The only problem in this episode is that they can’t find one of Annie’s pens, but emotional stakes and tension stay high throughout. It’s unbelievably good writing. And it contains my favorite line of this entire season: “Will you relax, Jeff? Or are you afraid that, if you do, my pen will fall out?”
The people living in the vicinity were greatly wrought up over the matter. The children would not go past the haunted house, and stories innumerable were continually in circulation touching upon the identity of the ghost.
Sweet Mother is updated daily. If you’d like to receive an email when new content is produced on this site, simply hit the “follow” button at the top of the blog.
Current uses of squawvine
I am so sorry for the archaic way I'm having to do it... I don't have Web developer software anymore so I'm amazed I got anything out there!!! I feel like I'm working with two left feet! I have done all I can think of to actually display a picture on the list page but it will not do it!!! I'm sorry but you'll have to click on the name to actually see the stamps.
Move on Americans, nothing to see here...
I was so angry I was shaking today when I was informed that the child support would be late. I’d have to wait a week. I have not even paid all of last months bills and now my rent will also be late. We’ll be out of milk by tomorrow and my gas light is on in the car. I’ve run out of gas three times just because I couldn’t afford to buy more. I don’t know how I’ll get through this month but I always do somehow.
a man, tilting a woman’s chin
"Clayton, it's 60 degrees. It's nice and sunny today, but it isn't summer! It isn't hot outside."
And if you would like to have an Agatha Christie/ Miss Marple afternoon tea party, here's a helpful guide or contact us to provide it all. Although we can't guarantee any helpful detection work if anything goes wrong!
Ladies, if you're looking to do something special for your man, look no further. Get your hands on a few craft brews he's never had the chance to try and set up a little beer tasting using this crafty kit. It will be fun and low key, and he can use the gift again with his buddies at a later date. Don't know too much about beer? Not a problem. The 48 page booklet outlines tasting notes, beer jargon, and instructions on how to give a proper tasting.
The Unschooling world has been turned on its head since the airing of a (poorly edited and disgustingly biased) segment on Good Morning America. Visit here for more responses.
Recently i've applyed for a chance to compare 2 beers, 1 from America another from the Czech republic. From the tittle no prizes for which tittle goes under which beers. Personally i have nothing against either beer, although the setting in which i would have them are very different.
After consulting the computer, I determine that this book is not in our store but is available for order. The man carefully studies the images of the three available versions. "That one looks like what I remember from when I was a kid", he says, pointing. "I'll order that one. My Mum used to read that book to me when I was a kid. It's the only book I can ever remember her reading to me." He clears his throat. "She passed away last year."
The important thing is everyone has a value, we are all different and difference is to be celebrated.
Recycle
Just read. That’s what’s important.
Evangelical Protestants held steady and Catholics and mainline Protestants declined.
The relationship between the Horse Power, Motor speed and the Torque can be expressed as
1295 **D-IV/7/1998. “A Return to Barron v. Baltimore.” Faculty Workshop, The School of Law, Loyola University of Chicago, Chicago, Illinois. (Incorporated in Item C-2003(1), above, pp. 519-26.)
Once again thank you to those that choose to enter my candy...
And in its place… I found myself again. One of the greatest sessions was the one where I located the first time I chose to violate my integrity and agreed with some worthless arbitrary order from the church, again, in order to “go up the Bridge to OT.” This led to all kinds of realizations about how I must never invalidate my own knowingness, must never deny myself, must never sell my soul, must never compromise with my own reality, must never…
Her: Mom, I know you love me. Don’t play me like that.
"This shows how the alcohol industry needs to be regulated in order to curb alcohol misuse," she stated.... whilst anti-tobacco propagandist Linda Bauld says something vaguely familiar.
Phone (messages may be used as sound bites!): 315-5KP-ONTV (315-557-6688)
For these two specific examples, RGIII and Kalil, nothing leading up to the draft or during their careers have sent any negative vibes about their potential. RGIII is a Heisman Trophy winner and each of his interviews have been exemplary. The Baylor standout has awed fans and scouts alike on and off the field. Nothing has even hinted that this future NFL QB is a selfish me-first player. Is he just good at interviews? Does he revert to his true form when the cameras are off? Only a select few people know him in that context, unfortunately I am not one of them. RGIII looks like a good prospect with a bright future with a team that will need him.
There is currently a proposal to construct a fourth coal terminal in Newcastle (which is already the world’s largest coal port).
But as a business owner I know nothing lasts forever.
This image came from Ann Fenton on the site of The Outlawz...You can get his image by joining the challenge. You have two weeks to make and enter your card or project on the forum..
“My flying machine will have neither wings nor propellers. You might see it on the ground and you would never guess that it was a flying machine. Yet it will be able to move at will through the air in any direction with perfect safety, higher speeds than have yet been reached, regardless of weather and oblivious of ‘holes in the air’ or downward currents. It will ascend in such currents if desired.”
1 daw
I originally planned to be gone for a conference today (National Science Teachers of America are in Indy!), but I ended up feeling really drained this week. Last night I was not feeling up to sub plans and running around a conference trying to get the most I could out of it in a day.
Not strictly a ‘local’ offering but I thought I’d include it by way of an apology for the bucketing I gave the Kiwis in two recent posts. This has a very smooth and tasty malt front with a crisp, refreshing hop kick. The two elements are beautifully balanced and the overall taste leans more towards flavour than the strength of the hop ‘bite’ which works well. A mild hop aroma and a nice lively bubble as the name suggests. Matched well with roast chook.
Tel.: (770) 738-2382
I finally told him I didn’t want him involved with the household finances at all because he was such a nightmare to deal with and he didn’t help with anything. I won’t go into the issue of his misappropriation of funds… I learned my lessons about that years ago – one reason I did not have any joint accounts with him where he would have direct access to my income.
love & hugs
919-361-8488 M-F 9 am-6 pm ET
Stamp: Ribbon Hair Tilda from Magnolia
Now it’s time to blame Bush. Remember the most expensive tax cuts for the wealthy in history? What did it get us? The slowest job growth in half a century. I’ll need at least another term or two to clean up that mess. You can’t expect me to fix everything during my first 100 days in office — that’d be Franklin Roosevelt, and I’m Teddy.
Roger Ingalls is well traveled and has seen the good and bad of many foreign governments. He hopes his blogging will encourage readers to think more deeply about the American political system and its impact on US citizens and the international community.
Yet I do that over and over again.
The top 6 influencers is an interesting new (beta) feature. The 6 are shown as a list, and as circles on a graph. Hover the mouse over a circle to see the name and number of followers. Click the circle to view that profile on Twitter.
Banana bread was my contribution for breakfast today,
This kitchen can not be helped merely by paint. So it will wait hopefully only another year until we can have someone install new floors for us as well as countertops. But that gives me plenty of time to think about what we shall do. Here are my plans as of now, subject to change on a daily basis.
As always, the usual crowd of 'experts' are cited as sources of the information, and their 'facts' taken as gospel by their media soulmates. The SPLC and the ADL are always front and center in these kinds of stories.
And mosquitoes. (Helpful tip: a garage fan works amazingly well.)
Nevertheless, it’s about trying even it if was just a dream.
Clowns have such a bad rap. It’s funny how they started out in culture as harbingers of joy because these days, they’re connected more with hiding in dark corners and waiting to kill than with making balloon animals. The horror genre is notorious for exploiting how freakish they can be. It’s up to us to call out five perpetrators of this crime.
Anyway, I came home at tore the curtain up immediately. No time to waste. Here are the steps in case you would like to give it a try.
Caught in a maelström of emotions she closed her eyes. I could see her hands trembling as they clutched the bars of the rocking chair on which she was half-reclining.
Zinaman MJ, Clegg ED, Brown CC, O’Connor J, Selevan SG. Estimates of human fertility and pregnancy loss. Fertil Steril 1996; 65: 503-509.
In the struggle for independence which began with the opposition towards the Malayan Union in 1946, Malaysians as one nation participated in peaceful marches to indicate their dissatisfaction of further imposition of colonial rule. Today, Malaysians are calling for indisputable elections, the ultimate validation for a democratic Government. Although not all parties may agree that there is a pressing need for electoral reform within the country, AIM urges the Malaysian government to take a leaf out of Voltaire’s book when he said, “I may not agree with what you say, but I will defend to the death your right to say it”.
I am entering this into the following challenges:
“17? You sure you want to get into this? When Sal takes you he has you for life, your “new family” he calls it.” She rolled her eyes.
~Gail W. Kislevitz
This was the second time he talked about a coincidence. But I knew that it wasn't a coincidence because earlier that morning I had been tired and cranky, and I had asked the universe to lead me to a better-feeling place. And after this encounter, I was feeling better.
2.) I'll burn it off at the gym in the morning.
From doors of mudcracked houses
487
I have to learn and to understand a lot of things... (by the way I have a special mentor, my friend H.)
"The specialist equipment (metal plates and screws) needed for her surgery had not returned from being sterilised – which is vital for the safety of such a procedure. We apologised to Mrs Taylor at the time and were able to reschedule her operation for the following week.
This first part I want draw you in amazement that I am still a Christian and hope you will be amazed that you are still a Christian.
On Monday I can go back to having normal food again.
Following are excerpts from an interview with leading Sunni scholar Sheik Yousuf Al-Qaradhawi, which aired on Al-Hayat 2 TV on December 17, 2010.
This steel sculpture, engineered by Cecil Balmond, begins Kapoor and Balmond's unexpected career as monumental sculptors to late British neoliberalism, but is less embarrassing than the hot pink 'Arcelor-Mittal Orbit'. A stretched tendon, it is both industrial and biomorphic, with the tautness between its opposed sides evidently a 'reference' to the Transporter Bridge. But looking at the Tees' surviving industry – the Bridge, the shipbuilding cranes, the curvaceous maw of the distant cooling towers, the intertwined tentacles of the nearby refineries - who can say that Kapoor and Balmond are better artists than these anonymous engineers?
The foam was thicker than I thought it would be. Plus, it only took one pass with the paper towel to get all of the dirt and drool off. With other products this often takes me two to three applications to get a clean look...even better, the smell was very mild. All of these things equal l.o.v.e.
After a busy day doing lots of other *stuff* - reading, playing, thinking, talking, questions, questions, questions etc.....
General Information:
the story recorded in duplicate
They walk around with their "protection" strapped to their hips when they aware, or under their pillow at night. And shoot each other in weird locations - whilst the other is sleeping, on the toilet, in the lift...
“Actually, I’m a little late. I don’t think he’ll mind.”
I said, “She’s my sister,
Lilly of the Valley is Feoh, Nasturtium is Ur, Honesty is Thorn, Morning Glory is Ansur, Snapdragon is Rad, Gorse Flower is Ken, Wormwood is Gyfu, Larkspur is Wyn. The Runes have corresponding stones and trees, but I decided on flowers for these ones.
You make me feel alive
After being out of sync for so long...i am hoping to get it together and share more on here.
via her vlog.
This prayer is to the spiritual master. Ajnana-timirandhasya. Everyone born in this material world is in ignorance, born ignorant. We should take it for granted, this material world is called tama. The Vedic injunction is tamasi ma jyotir gamah: “Don’t remain in this darkness; come to the light.” Actually, this material world is dark. It is lighted with sunlight, moonlight, electric light, this light, that light. Its nature is darkness. That is a scientific fact. So anyone born in this material world, beginning from Brahma, the chief personality in the topmost planet of this universe, down to the ant — everyone is in darkness. Therefore this prayer, ajnana-timirandhasya jnananjana-salakaya. Everyone is put into the darkness, and one who opens the eyes by the torch of knowledge… Darkness means without knowledge. So it is the duty of the spiritual master to open the eyes of the person in darkness with torch of knowledge. Ajnana-timirandhasya jnananjana-salakaya caksur unmilitam yena. The person who opens our eyes in that way, he is the spiritual master. And one may offer his respectful obeisances unto such personality.
ALPA would have you believe that you are constantly in a state of war. After all, this is the only way YOU are manageable. The choices you would make are taken from you, and you are lead to believe this is a normal state of affairs. It is not. It is a fabrication designed to empower certain people at your expense.
3 wants
The four principles of morality are four “legs” that hold up the “bull” of dharma. What is the bull itself? What are the principles actually supporting? Divine Love for the All-Attractive. Without divine love, all behavior – moral or not – is pretentious and ugly. When one focuses on cultivating divine love through krsna-sanga and krsna-kathā the four principles of morality automatically become firm, strong and whole.
If you had told me a year ago that my body would ever be capable of this...I would have had a really long laugh. A year ago I was just barely undertaking C25K...and was able to jog for a big whopping 60 straight seconds. Period. And it slayed me.
Cultivators
So I went to Comic Con this year.
It wasn't as if this were a recurrence of a monthly cycle, it was weekly and so the warning bells went off.
But Kristen's story doesn’t end there.
Ethnic minorities do not fare well in third world countries, but that's the future my sons will face when they are still young men. Other mothers' sons and daughters face the same fate, but, unlike me, it seems those mothers, and those fathers simply do not care.
Ashley was definitely excited, and I sure enjoyed hearing the phrase, "I never would have put those together!"
Well, there’s only one Cameron, that's for sure! His character is his strength, and he really is a character; one of those once seen, never forgotten types. Despite his lazy tendencies, he’s razor sharp and has charm in abundance. He’d make a wonderful salesperson and is a natural leader. It wouldn't surprise me if he ended up famous; maybe a captain of industry or on the TV as a celebrity chef.
Both Tahlia and Darby will be sitting NAPLAN tests this week. I've gotta say, this whole NAPLAN thing is tormenting me.
The whole description captures the tone and feel of the novel as well—and that’s what you want to achieve in your query pitches (even if you aren’t writing YA). Also note that it really doesn’t do much plot summarizing about the novel as a whole. It really just spotlights the main conflict (keeping her spy background a secret from the boy she likes).
Whether former Senior Police Inspector Rolando Mendoza was wrongfully accused of extortion or not is no longer the issue; rather his disregard for other people’s lives in selfish pursuit of justice.
Immediately after the Special Operations forces raids that killed bin Laden, a senior administration official who had an obvious interest in peddling a particular narrative about CIA interrogation techniques told reporters that the CIA interrogation of al-Qaeda detainees held at Guantanamo had been a critical factor in finally tracking down bin Laden. According to one version, Khalid Sheikh Mohammed, also known as "KSM," the mastermind of the 9/11 attack, had identified bin Laden's trusted courier in 2007; in another version, unidentified detainees had given interrogators the courier's real name.
I gave season one of this to Sarah for Christmas and we got totally hooked back into Chuck. So much so that it is the show I tend to look forward to most each week. Although I have to admit that I’m not 100% with this new Chuck 2.0 yet. I’m not sure that I like his new “I’m a spy, damnit” attitude. It seems to have happened too fast. But I’m on board, and willing to let them show me what they have in store. Adam Baldwin, by the way is one of the best things on TV. Although I greatly miss Anna!
-YES LOCK!
Kindly read the rules before you link up
Would she do anything differently?
I’m very found of style, but mine is quite regular. A few original t-shirts and eccentric flowery shirts, some sexy Bermuda shorts for the summer, that’s all.
For now i think we’re okay. Our biggest hurdle is to get people to accept visual thinking in their day to day thinking. But still its an important development to keep our eyes open for. Maybe it even a first thought into a new graduation project? Thanks jeroen ( and roos!) for inspiring me to think!
Off The Map
At UNISON Conference in Bournemouth Dave Prentis pledged support for national strike action against an attack on our pensions. I imagine he was expecting such an attack emerging several months into the life of the Coalition Government , rather than several weeks.
Said, "He was out of line girl
This morning as I sat quietly the following words came to me and I am hopeful I can begin to live them.
Life no longer bothers
1. Five Year Look-Back
Think of it as “your own personal Darwin” (boom badda BIM ba, boom boom badda BIM ba). Set a steady course of small incremental improvements. Wait until you have automated the desired behaviour, THEN move onto the next step. If you need to take a few days off of improvement now and again, that’s fine. Just make sure that you know when you are climbing back on the donkey.
Bernard Martin argues in The Ancient Mariner and the Authentic Narrative that Coleridge was also influenced by the life of Anglican clergyman John Newton, who had a near-death experience aboard a slave ship.
Blu now plays with the kitten, George, but doesn't sleep with him yet.
relations are mobilized. These indexes, in an animistic way, are even
How far we have run
The Crown Heights Farm Share folks came by the CHCA meeting tonight (additional updates coming soon) to announce the opening of their registration for the summer of 2012. They've expanded their options this year - in addition to tasty veggies from Sang Lee Farms, they also offer fruit, cheese, butter, and yogurt shares - and they're looking to expand the size of the CSA, too (in years past, it filled up very quickly). They've also got subsidized shares and pay-as-you-go plans available for those who qualify, so if the up-front costs sound like a lot, there are ways to work around it.
So my evening, from about 4:30 till 6 has been revision. Of everything in one subject. Yawn. And then I did another 40 minutes – 1 hour of more revision, of another subject. I haven’t stopped, all evening. I had a break at 6 though, to watch The Simpsons. It was a rubbish episode.
Traditionally, in the magazine and newspaper industry, a kill fee is "a negotiated payment on a magazine or newspaper article that is given to the freelancer if their assigned article is 'killed' or cancelled." (Read the full definition here.) The contracts for the magazine articles I and Ann Crispin wrote for Writer's Digest included kill fees--but that was a few years back, and I suspect they are less common now.
Today I needed to get a LOT of testing done one on one with my class. Even though I have a red stop sign on the end of a ruler that I flash in front of my students if they attempt to approach me during testing it still never fails that I get interrupted during the sacred reading/testing time. My team leader has a skull and crossbones that she flashes if her students try to approach. L.O.V.E.I.T.
Well, I tried out the new line yesterday. It didn't go so well.
“Pardon”
So next time you have a great idea, jot it down, then put it aside and forget about it. Your current project will be better for it.
the Spoonies said...
First, marshal your facts into a coherent narrative which will persuade both the legislature and the public that costly prison beds should be reserved for those whom we reasonably fear; and, second, that effective probation supervision, proven substance abuse treatment programs, and short-term confinement when necessary, should be strengthened and tweaked to keep Texans and their property secure.
We finally left him to his slumber. He’d never know that we were ever there.
in dreams
Don't I look all professional in that photo? (Actually, don't answer that...)
I just love the ambition that this girl shows. Not to mention, her stamps are adorable. I wanted to help promote her talent, so if you are a stamper, go on over the The Pink Elephant and check out this new line of stamps by an awfully talented little girl. She probably doesn't want to be called little but....
Amount Requested $28,800
That's what I mean about burnout. I'm to the point where stuff like that just grates on me. Just … argh! Why sign up for a parent participation preschool if you're not going to participate? So you can sit around gossiping about shoes or which crackers have palm kernel oil?
That must be the worst scenario for a writer, by the way, to lose access to their keyboard. Typing out blog posts on an infra-red rubber keypad attached to an iPad just doesn’t cut it long-term, take it from me. I tried, and only managed a couple. (It’s quite good for reading, though).
Yesterday, at a house-warming party, I spent a long time talking to some of my friends in the Humboldt Permaculture Guild about various aspects of garden design, and the subject of peach trees on the coast came up. My friend Levon was talking about a consultation he’d done for a local resident’s orchard, and they had asked what to do about the problem of peach leaf curl. He said he told them the various ways to try to manage it, but the real answer was: “Cut down your peach trees and plant more plums.” Plums do great along the coast here, he pointed out, with little management or intervention, as do pears and apples. Why fight a constant (and probably losing) battle to keep your poor Frost peaches alive when there are plenty of fruit trees that thrive in this environment without our help?
The only thing left to do is decide when to break out the fall decor. I’m thinking mid-September or perhaps after Labor Day if I’m feeling ambitious.
abv: 6.3% ibu’s: 75
But one by one, and with the help of our good friends in Tehran, every problem is solved. We find a mechanic who has worked for Volkswagen in Turkey. We find an importer of car parts. It will take three weeks to carry out the repair, including obtaining parts.
Congratulations to all workers.
I am betting that if we cut administration, paid teachers on according to their abilities, the ones that loved their jobs would be making 6 figures. I would be happy with that.
Hear my prayer
Fred Grady – Drums,Keith Harper – Trumpet, Joseph Henderson - Sax
I.D.K.H.T.H.M.B.H. is one of your catchier songs. Why isn’t it on the record?
Roberts Catholic church
We as humans walk a pretty narrow road between the desire to help those in need and our own selfish desires. God is so amazing. He knows us and knows that provided no clear instructions to the contrary, we would naturally lean to the selfish side of the road. So he asks us to be generous. To give of our time, to give of our talents, to give of our possessions and finances. But why? Because if we give those things, give them freely, out of love, and with grace he knows our hearts will gradually slide from being more selfish to becoming more selfless. And he wants our hearts devoted to and living for him - not the possessions, finances, etc that we could be living for. It seems, the more we give away and the more we use what God has given us for Kingdom work, the less we want those things anyway & the more we want to be focused on God, His Kingdom and our "treasure in heaven".
That is much to the chagrin of Satonoji. As she helps develop a relationship with Itou and Kotonoha, she also realizes that she too has feelings for Itou.
...Here are my three hypotheses:
Wishing everyone a wonderful week ahead. Thanks so much for stopping by!!
Sometimes one has to let go even after knowing that the person means well. Relationships blossom only when there is a flow in them, like a river. When you try to lead someone’s life for him/her then it begins to wither. We all try to control the other person all the time but the moment someone does it to us we rebel.
I know! You don’t have to tell me. I lived in Fort Collins for four years, where home-grown anti-corporate coffee shops exist on every corner, including the famed 24-hour café The Alley Cat, where I spent many a-night studying hard… or ruminating on the philosophical episodes of arm-chair revolutionaries who think more than act.
-O...Oeps... Gustave...squeaked Miss Moussie..you startled me..I didn't hear you coming..what are you doing in the forest today...picking herbs for your soup...
Over the past two decades, explorers and journalists alike have collected hundreds of tales concerning the candiru's nastiest trick. It's also mentioned in several scientific papers. Professor John R Herman, in his 1973 paper, 'Candiru: Urinophilic catfish - Its gift to urology' (Urology 1(3), pp 265-267), writes:
We have another lovely challenge this week, nicely timed for Valentines Day - "The One I Love". Hope you'll play along with us - you never know, it could be you in the Spotlight next week!
For a good year or so after my accident and deconversion, via habits of a lifetime, I read into things in a way that allowed me to be agnostic about the possibility of a Larger Consciousness/ SubConciousness/ Connectedness. Thankfully it tapered off and I say Good Riddance!
There were two women in Hawaii. They lived together. Their cohabitation was a matter of convenience and friendship. They were both from different backgrounds yet had much in common. Both, in their early sixties, were practitioners of the healing and spiritual arts.
On 31st May 1910 the Union of South Africa came into existence. Of all the many landmarks that make up South African history, this was the moment the country as it stands today came into being.
I wondered what my purpose was. What was calling me to service? I also began to unearth what I loved to do. Most of my revelations were what I already knew. I held it in a new light. I realized that these things I did well, like understanding others concerns, seeing the truth of a situation, and clearly communicating were not fully developed.
Prep2eat will continue to inspire home cooks to prepare healthy, nutritious meals along with special tasty treats. Why cook at home? You have control over the quality of the food you purchase and monitor the prices of products and produce you buy for your consumption. It is a win-win solution for you and your family: daily meals are cooked with your choices and you save money by eating-in, rather than eating-out. No paying another person to prepare your food and tip them for doing so! What quality food are they preparing for you? At home, cooking extra portions allows for lunches or no-cook dinners on busy nights. With cooking-in during the week you probably will be able to enjoy a dinner out on a special occasion. But, you might just find that you enjoy your cooking better, like I do :) I can treat myself very well with fresh food here in my home.
When teenager Miriam wakes up in the hospital, her face is in agony–and she cannot remember what happened to put her there. However, as the days pass, she recalls the event that caused the severe burns. But the ordeal is only beginning. How can Miriam face the world with disfiguring scarring at an age when appearance means so much? An uplifting story of fortunate happenings, faith, and hope.
Adult Romance Ebook: How To Cuddle
Serina
So I turned off the engine and got out for a think.
Or something from Rose Tremain? Beryl Bainbridge? Graham Swift? Margaret Atwood? Anne Enright? Iris Murdoch? My list might become very long.
(1 King 3; 11-14).
with wise men.
She was also smart about changing our sheets daily and making us get up and take a hot shower to help drain the gunk out of our sinuses. There was a vaporizor and smelly rubs and while it was not pleasant, it was not punitive.
“Love Changes Everything”
My ripping is from IPS ver LP.
I don't have some great insight into any of this. However, I love reading this story and thinking about all that was going on in Israel (no one had heard God's voice for many years), in Eli's life (his troublesome sons and his care for this boy Samuel), or especially in Samuel's life. I encourage you to read through the story several times and really allow the Holy Spirit to stir your imagination to hear the sounds, see the images, and feel the emotions of this event. As you re-live this small moment in history, may you encounter a new voice. And when you hear it, may you respond with "Speak Lord, your child is listening."
Wow, perfect! Now, eventually those evil rich people might start investing more of their money back into munis, years down the road, as they come to terms with the new rates. In the meantime, they’d bail, meaning less money for those same projects. Unless Obama plans on having the federal government take over the state and local governments and paying for it all at the federal level (?).
"Americans, who cannot understand or even communicate with peasantry, are growing lonelier in a world where the great majority of men are peasants."
The convicting conscience… John 8:9… “And they which heard it, being convicted by their own conscience, went out one by one, beginning at the eldest, even unto the last: and Jesus was left alone, and the woman standing in the midst” (KJV). Accusers of the woman caught in adultery made a judgment within their own consciences… They realized that they too were not without sin. They were aware of their own crimes… Very often in life we are quick to point out other people’s sins, while our own conscience convicts us of ours.
the Lord is robed in majesty and is armed with strength.
So today during the funeral services, I was feeling especially tender and vulnerable. It was a lovely and poignant memorial, with the family sharing the tributes, providing the music, and making everyone appreciate being there. Kathy had the honor and privilege of caring for her mother in her home for the past several months, and I was touched and inspired by the loving way Kathy surrendered all her own needs to unselfishly and beautifully serve her 96 year old mother. She was an example of service and love, and I was keenly aware that I could not have done what she did. As I listened to all the speakers, I was treated to an understanding of why Kathy has so many talents and interests, as well as outright gifts. She was the third and last daughter, and in that position in the family, she got to witness and learn from all of the others, and she has been a stellar student. I must say, Kathy is one of the most exceptionally interesting, unique, and talented women I know. I could see where she got her love of poetry and writing, of performing, her musical talents, and her amazing way with people. It has been said that life can only be understood by looking backwards, but it must be lived forward, the message in "It's a Wonderful Life." We all need the reminder sometimes of how amazing life is, how much we need each other, how we are all connected, how our lives intertwine and affect everyone around us. I must say, there was such love in evidence at the funeral, and maybe that's the real gift in them. I have had three funerals this month, all close friends and relatives, and I guess I'm pondering my own mortality. Since we never know from one moment to the next, we need to pay attention to the present and make it count.
When the tour date arrives, copy and paste the HTML Provided in the box. Don't forget to add your honest review if you wish! PLEASE LEAVE A COMMENT ON THIS POST WHEN THE TOUR COMES AROUND!
capture my song
Not feeling too smart at this moment, so I'll just copy & paste what Wikipedia says about them:
We read books.
Discussing it in class though, and discussing Naomi Klein’s “Baghdad: Year Zero”, really brought back memories about my close friend who goes to West Point (USMA). It’s amazing how two people who were once really close can quickly grow into complete strangers because of differing newly-developed ideologies. Does that even make sense? Is that even a term? I don’t think so. But I hope you get the picture.
Bugaboo Prize Goes To 52 - Deonna B
I managed only 7 layouts which included a couple of photo swaps which I didnt take photos of !!!
Brewery Ommegang Cooperstown, NY Hennepin Farmhouse Saison Farmhouse Saison
FDA admits that New Jersey politicians pressured it to approve unsafe, defective medical device. While cynics might question how Obama can pay for his plan with $800 million in heretofore – unknown waste , fraud and inefficiency if he turns the entire medical industry over to the care of politicians, instead of just most of it, as it is now, this case clearly shows how it can be done. Hope and change: we will hope that, for instance, Senator Frank Lautenberg, as corrupt and venal today a 92 as he was when he slithered from a snakes belly in 1917, will feel a new responsibility to his country and stop stealing from it. There’s the change we need all right. Robert Menendez will also change his spots. He’s been indicted but never convicted so there’s plenty of room for optimism that he’ll decide to stop accepting bribes from constituents and knuckle down to doing the country’s work.
"If I had a serious brain injury...."
Headline news this morning is that credit rating agencies have basically flushed the Italian economy down the toilet. More and more regularly, these scam artists are hitting the news, afforded some kind of guru status in the world of finance; the US recently lost its “AAA” status, and the UK found itself described as performing at “A+” level rather than “AA-”. Imagine bringing those grades home to your mum. The moral and financial panic that follows such announcements wipes billions off of economies.
but we're not all that fancy here at 10 Rooms, are we?!
6. “The world is a better and more just place now that Osama bin Laden is no longer in it. I hope the families of the victims of the September 11th attacks will sleep easier tonight and every night hence knowing that justice has been done.” – Sen. John McCain (R-Ariz.) (May 2011)
He played in several traditional Nubian bands and formed his own group which combined Western and traditional Nubian instruments and incorporated outside elements in the traditional Nubian music. Kuban quickly became a star for Nubians throughout Egypt. When he began to sing Arabian texts to Nubian melodies his fame spread to the Egyptian population in general and in the 90’s he began to gain international recognition. - last.fm
Honestly... is that beautiful or what? Be still my heart!
Side volume keys
We don't always celebrate Valentines Day however if we do we tend to do it at home due to babysitting constraints.
I write: because it challenges me
Developers waiting for sympathy from the public for their reduced circumstances will be waiting some time, such is the general outrage at the consequences of the financial crisis and the role of developers (as borrowers whose debts are now in trouble and necessitating bailouts for the banks from the pockets of the nation). €170,000-a-year part-timer, Frank Daly at NAMA has suggested that it might be patriotic for developers to work for nothing and others have suggested the minimum wage. That’s all very well but what moral high ground does NAMA occupy when it is paying its CEO a guaranteed €430,000 per annum and a bonus of up to 60% on top?
Just like with the punk and goth scenes, this process takes time. The people who make up these specific subcultures can spot an imposter like that, so you better do your homework. Taking baby steps, Steve Burns slowly transforms himself into John Forbes, an art student with a thing for black undershirts. Renting an apartment in the West Village, and making friends with his new neighbour, a playwright named Ted (Don Scardino), there's a new man on the scene and he's ready to cruise. Okay, maybe he's not quite ready to "cruise," but he's learning the ropes. Hanging out at infamous leather bars such as the Ramrod, the Anvil, and the Cockpit, Steve observes the crowd as they interact with one another.
Static I can't turn off frequents, with words,
I beseech you therefore, brethren, by the mercies of God, that ye present your bodies a living sacrifice, holy, acceptable unto God, which is your reasonable service. And be not conformed to this world: but be ye transformed by the renewing of your mind, that ye may prove what is that good, and acceptable, and perfect, will of God.
What gorgeous makes we had last week - the DT are finding is so hard to choose their favourites! But keep them coming because we love to see them! Our featured entrant this week is by...
When OWS emerged in Oakland, youth, the Black and Brown community and the most radical elements the labor movement were already primed to present the generally white “middle class” OWS with tasks that would challenge the movement on questions of special oppression, class exploitation and class struggle.
he upsets the cream-jug. He summons
1st CFL-1 Debbie Walker
JonTron. The other half of the founders of NormalBoots, (Ironic Espadrilles? Lazy Slippers? Vengeful Wellingtons?)and, well, I just don’t know what to say here. This guy is as much a comedic inspiration as he is fantastic. And that’s quite a lot. His videos are fresh and original, his content is genuinely funny (especially involving Jacques!!), and his choices of games for review are certainly varied to say the least. His most recent review, for Star Wars Kinect, actually had me in tears. To be honest, it’s his reviews that inspired me to feature “Gaming” on my blog at all (I tend not to talk about the fifteen gorillas on my back).
And, as evidenced by Dr Lager’s suit jacket, there really is no such thing as a free lunch.
and the wheels goin' 'round
Hold fast
Sadly a ghastly little man called Ken Livingstone, who I don’t think has ever been to the countryside, decided he would choose how country folk chose to enjoy themselves in their spare time. He tabled a bill in parliament and Politicians decided the pursuit of foxes, which are vermin remember, was more important to debate than the very important things happening in Britain at the time. The bill was eventually carried and hunting was banned in Britain.
About Independence Brewing Co.
Cinco de Mayo, as it's observed in the US, is a sort of general celebration of Mexican heritage; it is not, as many would have you believe, the Mexican Independence Day. Rather, it's a commemoration of the French army's defeat at the hands of the Mexicans at Puebla in the latter part of the nineteenth century.
(Ok, so it’s a little bit funny.)
17. What are three things you can do differently when it comes to food?
Anyway, I am just going to name this little friend ‘Woody’, since this gate seems to be his/her hang out.
from when you were in my shoes.
That prays to its God and dies.
Neem, however like everything it can have side effects and can be deadly to children.
Anyway, back to parents. D'you know what mine said to me? Not just once, but twice (in relation to Doctor Who and Primeval respectively):
The Buncheong exhibit of Korean ceramics at the Asian will be closing January 8th and as it's a free day at the Asian, try to check the exhibit out before it closes.
Now, here's my question for you. (the +1 question)
Hose A) Hose B) Way Hose C) Way
After removing the TP roll inside, I used goof off to get all the adhesive off the containers left by manufacturers stickers, and then washed them with warm soapy water. They seem clean and kosher to me, but since I already have food stored in my Dollorama containers, these will not be used for food. The dog cupboard has been a thorn in my side for sometime, and despite organizing all the treat packages into a basket, we still couldn't manage to keep the treats looking organized. This distaster of a cupboard was the perfect candidate for a JA overhaul!
It should be obvious by now that my children are doomed.
4. Work Side by Side – If the team member is unable to do 80% of the work to 80% of the required standard, then have them work side by side with you. You will get your work done and they will learn something in the process. Eventually, you can adopt Tip #3.
Despite the danger to himself, Kenneth took a small step forward.
4 Egg White
Another mammoth task that Cwele wants to deal with is transnational crimes such as drug smuggling and other things that come into the country illegally.
The Great British Beer Festival has now finished for me. I've been, gone and come back again relatively intact and unscathed.
This is a very sad day in the NFL and sports in general. Junior Seau was reported dead today from a gunshot wound. Some of the reports I’ve seen said it was a “self-inflicted wound” and others just say “gunshot wound”. So as of right now I am unsure if it was self-inflicted or not, but either way its still a tragedy.
Here's the good news. If I suffer with pregnancy insomnia for the next 12 weeks, then it's likely I only have to pretend not to be a grouchy bitch for the next 15-18 months! WOOT WOOT!
- No, but I grabbed a coffee out of a guy's hand and sprayed him with the contents when he made a remark I didn't like.
A recent reading from the liturgy says,
I picture those pieces of paper having his tall, slanted handwriting covering it in names, numbers, and hooks to songs.
This is also very basic instruction. You can use a clay machine if you want and if you do, use the thickest setting for everything.
Here's Woosi
First up, DSK’s younger brother Marc-Olivier Strauss-Kahn is more than just ‘a director at Banque de France’. Second, sources close to the Brafman team assert strongly that the maid Nafissatou Diallo seduced him, they had sex – and then she demanded money. The line being taken by these sources is that – as Brafman alluded in his letter to DA Cyrus Vance last week – the lady is not the burkha-wearing innocent painted by her family.
They loved it!
Then ANOTHER tech came in the room and that freaked me out (calling in reinforcements! because there is an emergency! I'm just the last to know!). Then the second tech explained that her shift was up but she'd wanted to get me started, and this tech was going to finish up. We were halfway through the 30 minute limit at this point. Nothing was wrong, but my imaginary emergency narrative had gotten me started crying again, though, so the second tech got me some kleenex before she left. I was a hot mess.
Dickie's institutional theory can be assessed from the definition in Aesthetics: An Introduction: "A work of art in the classificatory sense is 1) an artifact 2) upon which some person or persons acting on behalf of a certain social institution (the artworld) has conferred the status of candidate for appreciation." On the contrary, what makes something art is the intention of producing art through artifice and technique successfully realised.
Tonight I also hemmed a skirt I made the other day but I'll save that for another post. I'll have to get a photo of me actually wearing it first!
Victory at last! I have recovered the missing camera cable, but not without a lot of drama. I thought I had a solution that would allow me to circumvent the whole cable thing. Sophanne very gently pointed out to me what should have been obvious, which is that there is an SD card in the camera, and I should be able to transfer the images from the card to my computer with the use of a card reader. "Ah ha!" thought I. "I can do better than that! I have a built in card reader in my laptop!" And I eagerly popped the card out of the camera and attempted to fit it in the card reader on the laptop.
As a (ahem) public service - but mostly because it was fun to do - I've collected several topic areas worth of posts, so you can more easily decide if I'm an idiot or not (BTW, don't forget to browse my Idiots category - it's free!).
In keeping with our metaphor, violence is a powerful prop on the stage of life, and some kids cannot resist seizing and wielding it against others. Dijana what we need are some real life stories. Ideally you can find a kid who performed the bully role, as well as someone who experienced the bullying. What was that like for them? How does a middle schooler use/respond to violence? How do kids move on? What options are out there? The one bullet point that stood out in your storyboard was the “Student story (true story) about unknowingly using a loaded gun as intimidator and killing a friend”. Perhaps you can interview this person? In answer to your question, no fictional reporting is allowed. Our aim is to tell real stories that connect with our audience. While your volunteer work can provide context for your reporting, the program and agenda should not be the focus. You will need to talk to actual individuals about their gang experience before you can storyboard.
2 Samuel 12:19-20 David noticed that his servants were whispering among themselves and he realised that the child was dead. “Is the child dead?” he asked. “Yes,” they replied, ‘HE IS DEAD.” Then David got up from the ground. After he has washed, put on lotions and changed his clothes, he went into the house of the Lord and WORSHIPPED. Then he went to his own house, and at his request they served him food, and he ate.
The only way to address the issue of a garden that frankly looks like SHIT is to work on sections at a time and this is what I did earlier today…and I was surprised at how long it took….while one feels great after doing something – i.e. gardening it does in fact piss me off no end. I started at 5pm ish and ended up at 8 pm…as it grew darker….Eventually it’ll all look much nicer….I don’t think I’ll plant veg, but I’ve often hankered for beds of Rosemary – the scent of their flowers is very nice, and it’ll be nice to see Bee’s especially the Bumble variety and Butterflies zooming about sampling the nectar….and being finally able to sit in the garden on warm summer evenings supping a G & T once in a while…oh, and it will of course increase the value of the property….(sic)
I'm so inspired I've been doing a lot of busy work that I just haven't wanted to do for my job. (I love my job). At least I'll be able to better organize myself in the new place, that's a real point of happiness for me as well.
All powers remain the same for primary characters, but here are some “powers” that other characters have:
Soooo, I took the afternoon off today just 'cause and decided I wanted a light, fluffy, girl movie. So went to see Confessions of a Shopaholic in part because I loves me some Isla Fisher.
I could feel my face turning red. “The jury’s out,” I said.
Note: Attempt any five questions. All question carry equal marks. Assume any missing data.
Christine starts laughing again. “Believe me Green. You're real!"
What’s Interesting About It
I listed all of these for 7 days. Tomorrow, I will try my best to get one load of 7-day listings and another load of 10-day listings out there. It may seem a little silly to rush it just to save a few pennies on the listing fees, but at the moment I think we need to save every penny we can. And they are only free until Thursday. I will start tomorrow morning by taking as many pictures as I can and then in the afternoon I will just get cracking and list as many as I can before dinner preps and family time take precedence.
For days I practiced handing my stress over, my pain, my anger, not just at this particular experience, but with everything. I have been practicing it ever since – and I have felt profound shifts, whenever I remember to use it, Prunella et al make me forget regularly, but they can’t make me forget this experience. It has made me more present and far more aware.
Weather Warm and sunny all day, reaching highs of around 20°C in the afternoon
This is a light, intelligent mystery. Highly recommended!
1 contortions
Far more than falling snow, heavy clouds,
Good reference here at k-punk , also Mark Fisher's book Capitalist Realism: is there no Alternative? has a great breakdown of the culture of surveylance in bureaucratic institutions.
The Chair will be named after Yossi Harel, a founding figure in the history of modern Israel. Harel, who died in 2008 aged 90, commanded the ship Exodus 1947, which carried more than 4,500 displaced European Jews to Palestine. The 1947 blockade of the vessel by Britain prompted the United Nations to vote in favour of the creation of the state of Israel.
With that said I am not gonna sit and play on my laptop I’m going to bid you farewell and go and enjoy more of My City that which is Cape Town.
Sadness…it is a sheath that envelopes, a tangled bundle not to be unwrapped,
Larger British book retailers already receive the most generous terms in the English-language world from publishers, including Hachette Livre. Of the “cake” represented by the recommended retail price of a general book, major retailers including Amazon already receive on average well over 50%. Despite these advantageous terms, Amazon seems each year to go from one publisher to another making increasing demands in order to achieve richer terms at the publishers' expense. (You may have read in the press a few weeks ago of Amazon’s penalties against Bloomsbury and its authors). If this continued, it would not be long before Amazon got virtually all of the revenue that is presently shared between author, publisher, retailer, printer and other parties. (Again, you may have read that in the USA Amazon has been demanding that it should take over the printing, initially of print-on-demand titles, dictating its own royalty terms to publishers and authors). Hachette Livre are politely but firmly saying that these encroachments need to stop now. Declining all additional terms demands is the approach that HL take with all major retailers, and it is particularly important in relation to Amazon.
“The party is just a facade,” smirked my friend.
So, for February, March, and April I ran a total of 574.25 kms = WOW!
After the game, Iker told Telemadrid, “the first thing I have to do is thank the fans for their support. There’s no need to think anymore about this, penalties are what they are, they’re a lottery and so there’s no need to reflect any more. We played well, we had a lot of hope, the team played good football, but Bayern is a good team, and we have to congratulate them.” I’m so glad we have a captain that knows what to say after a defeat! And our second captain also praised Bayern, saying they are a “equipazo.” I also loved what he said about whether he’d take a penalty again: “if tomorrow I’m chosen to kick it again, I’ll do it, because when you’re feeling confident you want to help the team. It’s a lot of pressure but I’ve always known how to handle it.” Meanwhile, third captain Marcelo commented that “we’re a team and if someone fails, then everyone fails, and if one wins, then everyone wins… we’re warriors who gave everything we had to win… we didn’t achieve the victory but we were left with the feeling that we’re a great team. Penalties are a lottery. If you don’t have luck, it won’t go in. Those who shot them have to hold their heads up high.”
Driveway remodel update: Thursday is DEMO day! I will take some before pics and pics of the demo to post. I am super excited about this project!!
It was a STUNNING day. We saw so much wildlife! And butterflies were everywhere.
Any thought of this nature is only a pipe dream. Not everything is free in this world, not even water, clean air and nature’s abundance of crops.
I'm not sure, but I think that they usually don't bloom until later in the summer.
There is some really basic things to get started, however with respect to the Arduino creators, please refer to the book Getting Started with Arduino book until the end of page 38. You should be able to get that LED to blink on your own!
Not too much to do here. For the most part, just a slight bit of EQ and volume adjustments on the UK CD singles, as well as fixing a couple of polarity issues.
Willie Dennis: Trombone
Let’s read it together:
Our only car is out of commission; we don't know if the insurance will fix it, write it off as a total loss, or tell us to get stuffed. The only thing we do know is that Eöl has to have a way to get to work, and I really don't want to run my mom's car to pieces.
I'll be live-blogging here. Keep reloading for more updates.
The online courses offered are very beneficial for adult learners as they have 24/7 access to the program – allowing students to customize their schedule and learn from home - and many of the courses are free of charge!
First up, everything is marked down storewide at 40% off: quickpages are just $0.59, everything in the dollar section is just $0.60, minis are $1.37 and full digital scrapbooking kits start at $2.39
In addition to his own, Stik curated the work of many other artists in the area. He presented examples from artists of all different styles—and, in doing so, brought to our attention the difference between street art and graffiti: the latter being tag and word-based, the former encompassing all other art on the street. Within just the domain of street art, though, there seemed a plethora of different styles: spray-painting, plastering, sculpting—a sphere boundless of methods. One artist in particular stood out to me: a painter by the moniker Jimmy C. Jimmy C’s work (on this walk, at least) comes in large murals on building walls. What is exceptional about his art, though, is his vibrant neo-pointillism style that reproduces life so accurately despite being composed of, well, dots. From afar, his portraits seem nothing far from the work of a pure realist. Up close, however, they are impressive scales of regulated spots—there is, it seems, a math behind it. Regardless of viewing-point, though, I found the work incredible.
Nothing good, that's for sure.
Besides the main temple of Badrinath there are four other smaller badri temples. These are collectively called the panch badris or five badris. The other temples Yogadhyan Badri, Bhavishya Badri, Bridha Badri and Adi Badri, however, have few visitors. Devotees take a holy dip in the natural thermal springs of Tapt Kund on the banks of the river Alaknanda, before entering the Badrinath Temple. The water of the kund is believed to have medicinal properties.
You know what the best side effect of running for your health is??? It inspires me to eat better. Why would I mess up a good workout with junk? Until I started focusing on exercise for health, I never could commit to eating healthy all the time. I worked out so I could eat crap and still be thin, which definitely didn't work. I'm happy I've made my way to this spot. It took YEARS to get here, and I will never turn back.
Tamara Leigh is the best-selling author of fifteen novels, including award-winning Splitting Harriet, Faking Grace, Restless in Carolina, and Dreamspell. A former speech and language pathologist, Tamara lives with her husband, David, and their two sons in Tennessee. Connect with Tamara on her blog: www.thekitchennovelist.com
Firestone Walker Double Jack
"You know they're planning to leave the solar system again in the long term but meanwhile Mors and Sola have heard about unschooling and want to find out about it and compare it to their system. Frank, do you have time to chat with them a bit?"
As you start reading in Genesis 17 you will read about a woman who heard from God Himself that she was going to have a child. And she laughed. She thought it was absurd that she would have a child well past her child bearing years. Instead of waiting for God to give her a child she took matters into her own hands. She had one of her maid servants sleep with her husband and become pregnant. Her maid servant (Hagar) had a son named Ishmael. Sarah was never happy about the results of her husband having a child with her maid servant. And there was always a conflict between Issac (the child that Sarah and Abraham would have) and Ishmael. A conflict that still carries on to this very day.
7. The Green Leaves of Summer - The Ray Conniff Singers
Always look menacing and scream like a pirate (apparently). It increases your chances of breaking the chains of love. The only couple worse than the non stop hand holding walkers are the ass holding walkers (extra demerits if the hands are actually down the back of the pants). If you are a part of an ass holding couple, please break up, then wash your hands.
Anyways back to the Jade Forest….
Told you it was sad looking. Even though it looks horrible and isn't terribly warm, it still gets used alot.
But now, I have watched all that Glee has to offer. I am all caught up. I have to wait until Tuesday to watch the next episode and then I have to wait a whole week to watch the next one. After going through a Glee marathon, I don't know what I'm going to do. :(
The kinds of anomalies that people latch onto might be things that we really don’t know the answer to, and can’t explain with certainty to everyone’s absolute satisfaction. But y’know, those are actually okay too. The unknown is pretty consistent with a lot of good ideas. Failing to absolutely nail every single detail of everything that’s going on is not scientifically anomalous at all. There’s no problem if it’s just an uncertainty; it’s only when something is truly inexplicable that your theory needs to be re-worked.
a flash of morbidity.
~Oscar Wilde
Make way for the Chinese New Year!
It’s funny, I mean I wouldn’t say I’m horrible at bowling, nor am I the greatest to ever bowl a perfect game, because that never happened. Frankly I think it’s quite impossible for me because of my lack of coordination. Plus I like to fall down; I’m a hazard to the common people. But I’ve noticed that girls will get all shy and nervous when they’re bowling or playing pool just because we don’t want to appear horrible at those activities. And we’ll take advice, and completely miss the eight ball when you had a perfect shot, because that is what we do. We get nervous and fail at life. Perhaps not so drastic as life, but at bowling or playing pool.
When Luke wakes from a coma, his world has altered. Synaesthesia confuses his senses and a sinister creature called Dreeg inhabits his mind. Dreeg offers him limitless power – even the power to fly – and the temptations are huge, but the price is high. Who will pay? His mysteriously perfect girlfriend, with hair as long as the sound of honey? His detested sister, Laura, with the wasps in her hair? When Laura goes missing, Luke realizes the terrible truth about himself and his power. His decision is a matter of life and death, and he will have to run faster than fire.
- Hot cross buns are a kind of celebration bread, filled with fruit and spices. The smell of this dough reminded me of some of the celebration breads that I've baked in from The Bread Baker's Apprentice.
Yet, Julius can scream his hate from the hill tops (..."Kill the Boer, kill the farmer") and you will just have to shut up about it...Just Shut Up Whitey! There is no crime that Julius has committed, no offense at all in fact...
But the candy goes on and on....
Of that wide water, inescapable.
Here are a couple of examples.
Not that he gives a rat's arse. (Then how come so many of his recent blogs have stats focused?)
"The illness, though similar to non-paralytic poliomyelitis in many clinical aspect, could clearly be distinguished and was diagnosed as Benign Myalgic Encephalomyelitis.
I am off to Stagecoach with some college friends! Here's to a weekend of beer and whiskey, making new friends, and good ol' country music!! I won't be back until after cinco de mayo--I have to literally go from Indio to our warehouse in Pennsylvania for a week.
It seems like there has been a growing emphasis on the need for colleges and universities to teach communications skills to their students. To help them become global citizens, to activate those little twitter feeds for good, not evil. Certainly was the impetus behind all those articles praising the "Millennials" involved in Obama's campaign. "Isn't that cute," the newspapers seemed to say. "Those young kids are interested in politics." Flash mobs, twitter updates, bloggers—these things and concepts are all important, but they're a means to an end, not the end itself.
According to the UK Government, the Welsh Government's bid was knocked out early and it's no surprise it's cringe worthy. If this is the level of competence and interest in running Wales currently in the Welsh Government and civil service god help us.
fast forward to my adult years, i have 3 kids and we are headed to the circus in Alaska with some friends. At first it seemed great and the kids were loving it. Then the unhappy things came....a little person stabbing at a poor elephant with too many kids on his back....12year old girls wearing thongs costumes.....a man shot out of a cannon who clearly wasn't happy/confident/perhaps even unwilling? and last but not least you could get your picture made with a tiger for ten bucks. on the surface it seemed ok but really? i don't think so, unsafe, inappropriate, and inhumane to say the least. Throw in my visions of circus elephants trampling innocent onlookers and i decided the circus was not for me and never looked back......
And, for my part, having the best looking friends in the year meant I was part of the package when it came to inviting the in-crowd to parties.
HOW: If you know of anyone who has surgical needs due to the calamity, contact Klarizza.
Hubbard: Obama is cheating by adding jobs
This is so easy, it's shocking. You just have to buy a couple of things you might not have in your pantry right now, but then you'll have them in your pantry, and you'll be psyched because it means that you can make this kind of thing any time. And somehow curry (thai or otherwise) always feels special and delicious to me, even if I'm making it to use up some CSA vegetables...
But this blog hasn't changed as much as I have and I'm not so sure it's the right venue for my awesome self. KIDDING. But I do want to know how I can make it better. In March, the awesome Laura Barnes will critique my blog with a keen marketing eye. And today, I'm participating in the Critique My Blog blogfest hosted by Teralyn Rose Pilgrim at A Writer's Journey.
Lord Peter Wimsey would surely not appeal to many teenage girls today, with his monocle and his flaxen hair like Andrew Aguecheek’s, all smoothed down – probably with brilliantine – and his vacant aristocratic manner?
* Out at the bar, you and your buddies use the Pope & Young scale to size up women
And just grow up
1. Do you make your kids finish all the food on their plates?
All the boys are damaged from their childhoods, but they care about each other deeply. Beth Ackerley is a young widow who, through circumstances and sheer pluck, has risen from impoverished beginnings to have a tidy fortune. She is kind, beautiful and a little lonely, and has recently become engaged. Ian takes one look at her at the opera and decides to clue her in on the true nature of her fiancee, giving her a few breathless kisses for good measure. Beth breaks off her engagement after convincing herself that Ian was just playing with her and decides to celebrate her new freedom by living it up a little in Paris, where Ian just happens to be visiting his brother, Mac. Naturally, Ian takes up his pursuit of Beth, particularly after she moves in with Mac’s estranged wife Isabella, who also happens to be in Paris.
Because they cried so much
Of course we do. That's why we all have blogs. It's a safe place to make fun of those random people you see in your daily lives. It's just not polite to call strangers out on being idiots, so we resort to drunken nights with friends, boring hours with co-workers and, of course, the internet.
Who wouldn't love a homemade advent calendar!? I also love the little envelopes with numbers for each day... each one could contain a note for your loved one with the day magnet - maybe a little treat too! Find these and other cute decor ideas at Katie Bee Creative.
And not surprisingly, much disinformation about NESARA can be found on the internet. Prominent nay-sayers include quatloos.com, which is rumored to be a CIA front; nesara.org which is maintained by the Bush family; Sherry Shriner; and various Internet channelers receiving their messages from telepathic spooks have all contributed to the confusion.
It’s always The Atmosphere people mention to offset accusations that you can see it all from the telly, that you don’t need to go to such events. As I know from cricket, the telly is great, but the atmosphere is something else. It is so genial, so optimistic, so out of the norm of the day to day. So bloody lovely.
Ten minutes after he went outside, all hell broke loose. Contractions started coming every three minutes and I could barely see straight the pain was so intense. I tried calling my sister, but she wasn't answering her phone. I had no idea what to do. I went outside and started yelling for my husband to come in, but he couldn't hear me over the din of the pitching machine and the cracks of his homerun hits. I started crying in absolute fear and so did Sylvia and Johnny. All I could imagine was me trying to drive myself to the hospital with two kids in tow while in a constant state of contractions. After several minutes of fruitless screaming of my husband's name, I finally called him on his cell phone and lo and behold, he answered it. I said "The baby is coming, right now." He rushed inside and we waddled (actually I was the only one waddling) out to the car. Seeing as how we didn't have Sylvia's carseat, we had to cram her into the rear-facing infant carrier. Poor thing. She was all smiles though so at least that part was easy. The hard part...what were we going to do with the kids? Obviously, from my track record, we probably had less than an hour before the arrival of Alex.
05 - Apollo Medley
All of this as I have said is no defense of apartheid but an indictment of the world's unashamed hypocrisy that shows no sign of abating. One white farmer per week is being murdered in South Africa today (often in the greatest brutality), making it the most dangerous job under heaven on the planet since the end of apartheid. Western governments and its news media for the most part deliberately turn a blind eye to the killing fields. A Flemish lobby group in Brussels is doing its utmost to force this slowly growing genocide of white South Africans onto the European Parliament's radar asking a solemn question: "Hoeveel moeten er sterven voordat u de stilte breekt?" (How many must die before you will break the silence?)
Over the past seven years, 20 429 firearms were reported lost despite 12 control measures put in place. To date, the SAPS has recovered 4 810 of the guns and no steps have been taken against any officers.
The Kitchen - Of all my nights out on the town in Colorado, the night we went all out at the Kitchen in Boulder was easily my favorite. I have had no dining experience that mixed the pleasures of beer and food more perfectly. The Kitchen is a fine dining restaurant that incorporates ingredients from local producers, features a large wine list AND large beer list AND has a knowledgeable staff that will capably pair either with your meal. Ray, the GM, took the time to hand pick a different beer to pair with each of our many courses and his selections blew us away. I can't say enough about the Kitchen, truly remarkable.
Sen. Jody Amedee, Senate and Governmental Affairs chairman, told Peterson, “I’ll be glad to go to any meetings, like I have told you before, and try if it is more convenient.”
There really exists a light at the end of all tunnels. We must be resilient and pioneering enough to claim, then find it. Lovely how this applies to any and every situation you may be in. I know it speaks volumes to me.
If you are thinking adoption might be the calling for your family, this book is for you. If you have struggled with the pain of infertility, this book is for you. If you have had just a fleeting thought of adopting and no issues with infertility, this book is for you.
I mulled...
Fast forward 20 years or so, and our oldest daughter is 3. She knows what communion is and what it represents because she’s asked us about it. But following in the tradition in which my wife and I were raised, we’d been passing the plates over her head during worship.
a carcinogen and neurotoxin, may be as hazardous to children as lead. Current regulations are based on threats to adults; recent studies show possible links with learning disabilities and retardation in children.
An hour away from home, the lights on the car went out. It was 4:00 in the morning, and nobody was on the road. The car just died right there on the interstate like a little bitch. Andy tried to figure out what was wrong with it, but considering we were at least a few miles from a gas station, there wasn't much we could do.
Well, I have to get back to work and I'll try to post more often. I hope that everyone has a wonderful weekend!!
Seems like there should be an application somewhere here for us. It's just fortunate that we don't live in a time and place where everyone does as they see fit!
Diphtheria Overview 8
Le Poission Rouge
People who aren’t afraid to be themselves, follow their passion and generally “have-a-go” at things. These people inspire me so much and make me realise that the only limits placed on us are those we put there ourselves.
I’m sure you’ve heard of Friday night weddings and even weekday weddings, but a middle of the day weekday wedding is unusual – especially if the weekday is not a holiday (4th of July, Labor Day, Memorial Day).
Washington cannot exist without conflict. Now that the “Muslim threat” is wearing thin, Washington is stirring up a conflict with China. Washington is sticking its nose into every dispute China has with its neighbors and building up its military presence in the Asian-Pacific. As I wrote in my previous column, a China threat is being created as a long-term threat to take the place of the former Soviet threat.
2004 Massachusetts approves same-sex marriage (and San Francisco and Portland try to jump on the band wagon via fiat, but are shot down)
17. Politics
However, it is also true that while the Hernandez had a clear interest in winning publicity with scandalous stories — a tactic that has landed her in
Cut each cake in half. Place cheese cake layer in the middle of the cake. Once each cake is assembled, pop in the freezer for 10 minutes.
We always make sure to have lots of fun today, with a lot of activities, some old, some new! This year I came across this great printable, so I cut out the hearts and strung them on our kitchen shelves!
“Then they that gladly received his word were baptised; and the same day there were added unto them about three thousand souls.”
The food was so so only. Not much varieties to choose from. We did enjoy the food especially Gwen. She asks us to bring her to buffet again!
In the United States banks typically charge a two to six dollar “transaction fee” when you withdraw from an ATM outside of their network, from a Bank of America machine using a Wellsfargo debit card for example. In your hometown this fee is avoided easily enough—withdraw only from your financial institution’s Starbucks-like ATMs on every corner.
What could be clearer. The IPCC itself says that we don't even know what metrics to put into the models to test their reliability.- i.e. we don't know what future temperatures will be and we can't yet calculate the climate sensitivity to anthropogenic CO2.This also begs a further question of what mere assumptions went into the "plausible" models to be tested anyway. Nevertheless this statement was ignored by the editors who produced the Summary. Here predictions of disaster were illegitimately given "with high confidence." in complete contradiction to several sections of the WG1 science section where uncertainties and error bars were discussed.
Lenny Kravitz Fly away US
Right kind of MMA preparation is required in order to be successful the game and proper MMA equipment too is a must have. If one wants to be safe and sound during the championship and not be injured by the hard blows, one must use the right training equipment and train regularly. In sports like MMA, opponents touch each other i.e. it is a contact sport and during the matches, one might get injured badly from the harsh blows if use of proper training equipment is not made.
much of the mystery of my family of origin is clearer, some mystery
This last week my baby Niko spiked a fever of 103 and had been fighting colds and infections since Christmas and I'd had ENOUGH with Mexican medicine and requested to leave early from work (so I'd make it across the border before the doctors would close) and headed to Texas.
So why do marketers do this?
I have another study about the prophet Elijah that I am anxious to work through, but I think I need to be done with the school year before I tackle it. In the meantime, here a few great verses from the 4th chapter of 1 Timothy:
SANTORUM: I don’t know where…
a. Flesh – soul (intellect, emotions and will)
I must admit that I was exposed to chicken livers at a very early age. My dad was an excellent cook, in fact he was a cook in the U.S. Navy in World War II. My dads version of chicken livers was more along the sautéed type, always for breakfast and went well with scrambled eggs. They were rich and creamy. I have incorporated much of his recipe here but have added many refinements to make it suitable for Crostini. His livers we’re left whole and his key was to never over cook them, a bit pink was fine and keeps them from drying out. In later years he would sometimes use Harvey’s Bristol Cream to finish but I think that makes them more sweet and less savory. Chicken livers, flour, onions, garlic, sometimes green peppers, salt, pepper, white wine and butter. Sorry no recipe just memory, and as I have explained before I tend to cook by smell and taste.
Friday – the 40K Championships:
closer to a chartreuse than it looks in the photo. And I’m
“In fact, the only way I would end up with this man was if I kept pursuing my destiny relentlessly.”
Full name: RMS Titanic
And for it you must pay.
I was all set up at my favorite little cafe, with free WiFi, and the yummiest vanilla latte ever. I was ready to start blogging away, when all of a sudden, I accidentally clicked on Nordstrom's website! (ok, maybe not such an accident) ;) I was quickly reminded of this:
“It’s the redistribution of wealth,” Smelly said.
Owning a vineyard is a labor intensive business. To grow grapes for making wine the owner of the vineyard must invest a great deal of time and money to cultivate vines in the right soil, in the right location, hoping for perfect weather and sunlight in order to bring in a good harvest with is fit for making wine. It takes years for a vineyard to produce sufficient fruit to make a good wine. Sometimes it takes as many as ten years before new vines are mature and ready for wine-making. During the process the vineyard owner must carefully prune his vines and care for the daily, inspecting for disease or pests. There is a joke among vineyard owners: how do you make a small fortune with a winery? Start with a large fortune and buy a winery.
The world was harsh and cruel,
Yes, we went to Cake International: the cake decorating and baking show. it was a nice time, beautiful cakes, some nice techniques. Tim found a fascinating new vesion using melted sugar. Abosutely beautiful, translucent, fragile things.
Players and season ticket holders were treated to free food and entertainment by the amazing Greg West.
I also found a .svg file for the same or similiar type file here on cricutcraftyclare's blog. She indicates that she got her original file from Nancy who had created the file in DS from the splitcoaststamper's directions and template. Nancy doesn't have the DS cut file on her blog but she does say that you could contact her if you wanted one of her files. You can find Nancy's post on these backpacks on her blog here at Nancy's Craft Spot. Finally, I also found a post of a .svg file with or without the scorelines on the SCAL forum. It was posted by dchiu1 and can be found here. So, hopefully between these multiple sites, you should be able to find a cut file that will work for you no matter what cut file or software that you use. Thanks for stopping by.
But then a few days ago, one of the neighbors saw me outside playing with Big Puppy and waved me over to the crap hole and to the abandoned horse. He told me the whole saga about how the animals had been abandoned and who was caring for them. He wondered if I could do anything to help, what with my influence at the local newspaper. To be clear, I have no influence at the local newspaper, but I do have Facebook, and I complained there.
3. They make hollandaise sauce that is both cream and rich. The last time I made hollandaise sauce I had to keep adding lemon juice to have any flavour to it at all. This time, I actually followed the recipe, and well the sauce speaks for itself. It will go quite well with the biscuits and bacon later.
just the pure joy of reading a book?
I’ve been blogging on wordpress about a month now and haven’t asked a single person for help. Built it all myself, studied it myself, tested things myself and it’s been a great learning experience. One click can make a difference with regard to:
A beautiful day yesterday. Went down to the pond and cleared the pipe which had lots of sticks and mud on the cage. Wish I knew how to prevent it happening but there is a current due to the creeks coming into the pond so it's inevitable that things will float toward the pipe. It took a while but I finally got it done. Then I cleared a small path through small trees and brush down to the pipe which purpose I'm not sure of. I think it's so the pond can be drained but I'm not about to find out.....yet. There is water coming out of it and I can't move the handle on top to shut it completely. Nor can I open it completely...not that I want to....yet. Now that I can get to it I'll hit it with some WD40 and see if that does anything. After dealing with pond stuff I cleaned out half of the bed in back of the house as well as getting the thorny vine cleared away from the other half. Guess what? My muscles hurt. Geesh, go figure.
We worked through several of the quotes and decided to set it aside while we worked on some more of the skills needed to work through the cryptograms.
600-700 g (1½ lbs) fresh corn kernels or frozen corn
just a taste of Longfellow’s English translation.
Even with just hours to go I would urge both Doctor Lyre and the students of his Select School for Young Gentlemen to think again.
Weight: 112 lbs! Gained about 2 lbs!!
"... mere (or even knowing) assistance or facilitation of the primary infringement is not enough. The joint tortfeasor must have so involved himself in the tort as to make it his own. This will be the case if he has induced, incited or persuaded the primary infringer to engage in the infringing act or if there is a common design or concerted action or agreement on a common action to secure the doing of the infringing act" (para.108). Even so, there was ample evidence from which to conclude that NewzBin had so involved itself.
This week there was some discussion of the ‘Writer Vs Planner’ approach to writing. Some people are writers, in that they just sit down and spill out their thoughts without any structural notes or plans, and let the story and characters form organically. Others are planners, those who methodically make notes and lists and charts about plot and characters and locations etc, so that it’s all laid out before them before they commit pen to paper for chapter one. The group seemed to have a slightly higher proportion of planners from what I could tell.
Raw/Somebody Else's collaboration beer of unrememberable name
How to Apply: Send a resume and cover letter, discussing why you’re the ideal candidate to be a SLS, to “SpotLightSeattle Editor” at info@spotlightseattle.com.
“The roof was like a sardine can. I thought, ‘this is impossible’.”
Swiss Chard with Raisins
The DT have definately been seeing black and white for this challenge here are their stunning makes to help inspire you....
Chocolate Chip Cookies (makes about 30 cookies)
Oh my life just exploded. Yup. a freaking bomb went off dead smack in the middle of my life and a bright light appeared. All gone. Well it shouldnt come to any surprise i mean, look at it this way. We like each other, were both taken (well i think i still am..ill explain later) I live 4 hours away, and both of us kinda have crappy cars to get us to each others town. Oh the complications. Ok, ok i know what your thinking. If it was meant to be I would figure out a way to make it work, right?
Minimal rainfall
Update: Carnegie had successful surgery on his knee in December and is almost fully recovered already.
Entry #57
She was not to keen on getting her picture taken and the only place
We can also thank Rabbi Rashi for his contributions for giving us a new edition of Talmud, so we now have supplements called “Rashi commentaries”. Rabbi Solomon ben Isaac, or Shlomo Yitzhaki, known as “Rashi”, lived from 1040 to 1105 in Troyes, France. His commentaries in the Babylonian Talmud gives us important and adequate explanations of words, and of the logical structure of each Talmudic passage.
I got to thinking about it -- what kind of people would apply for jobs as policemen, under this type of rule?
T-minus four days until I see Sophie.... getting very excited! I am absolutely shocked to say that the weather should be in the high 30's and upper 40's when I am there for the weekend (Calgary, AB).... when I went to Alberta to see Metro it was -50. Yes, you read that right.... NEGATIVE FIFTY. Thank god for better weather this time!!!
I love this Easter story! It holds so much about LIFE for us to remember….
Pros: Michelin recommended restaurant.
Mohd Yacoob said he was unhappy with the alleged demolition of his workshop, Mega Xtreme Motor, claiming that he had a licence to operate the facility located on his own land. “The demolition should not have taken place, and prior notice should have been given,” he told reporters.
If I could change one thing about myself: I’d be larger
Newark, CA 94560
Fast forward three days to the Dubai airport, waiting to board the next flight on our honeymoon itinerary. I had just finished reading Water for Elephants, which I had chosen for the trip after it had sat on my bookshelf for four years, untouched and accumulating an embarassing amount of dust. I wanted another book and after the cliffhanger at the end of New Moon (don’t pretend that you don’t know what I’m talking about), my cells were craving Twilight. I scored the first volume at an airport bookstore. I was hooked. So intense was my need for each subsequent volume that I picked one up in every African country that we visited, in one case requesting my new husband (Mr. Zegna) and our guide indulge me in a long detour to find a bookstore near Mt. Kilimanjaro, nearly causing us to miss our next flight. I thought that only tweens and small-minded people were susceptible to this madness. How, I wondered, did this happen to me? And why did I all of a sudden feel that I had to quit my job IMMEDIATELY?
I remember growing up, we'd always spend our Christmas Eve at home in NJ. This involved us sitting around the dining table having a huge Christmas feast that mom prepared single-handedly and then going to midnight services at our church where at least one of our family sang in the choir at any given time. As children, we'd wake up incredibly early, sometimes sneaking into see what was in our stockings, sometimes being super sneaky and untaping our gifts before we went to wake up our parents, who insisted that waking them up before 8am was verboten.
Having given up all attachments, having recognised this world made of mAyA, see that your Self is not dual (advaita) and you will see the paramEs’vara.
In Iraq, the law of 12 January 1950 concerning bank control led to bankruptcy of stockbrokers, most of whom were Jewish.
The Palestinian Accountability Act, which Obama waived with a flourish of the pen, was one in a series of attempts to stem the flow of taxpayer money to the terrorist corruptocracy in Ramallah. The Act mandated that no funds may be made available to the Palestinian Authority until it ends its terrorist activities and an independent audit is conducted of its finances. Rather than complying with the bill, Obama dismissed it by resorting to the transparently fraudulent claim of national security.
So . . . be sure you pop on over to Sugar Nellie's Blog HERE each day this week to see what the ladies have created for your viewing pleasure! Oh . . . and don't forget to leave a little "love" (a.k.a. comments) each day 'cuz some lucky folks will be randomly selected to receive a little "sugar!" Whoohoo!!
Truth be told, I'd been wanting to open the Borealis since the moment my friend put it in my hot little hands. I was intrigued that Montinore, a terrific winery out of Oregon, a region where Pinot Gris is the predominant white grape, made a German blend out of Muller-Thurgau, Riesling and Gewurztraminer. There is a good amount of Pinot Gris in there as well (15%), but it drinks like a good drier Riesling. It has an aromatic nose filled with melon, pear and a hint of apple and these are the notes you get on the palate. It has a slight sweetness to it, but not enough to characterize this wine as semi-dry. It has a nice amount of acid, but not an overwhelming amount, which is good because ceviche is basically seafood marinated in acid. The pairing worked out beautifully and this was the first time in a long time that I kicked a bottle of wine at dinner with just one other person (I'm a heavy wine taster and buyer, not a heavy drinker).
iv) ‘Give alms only to the deserving Sunni Muslim poor.’
As Sir James enters the house, the butler, Mooney, announces him. His friend Roger rises to greet him. And there is dear Lucy, that lovely little girl of Roger's. Sir James observes with envy the affection between father and daughter as she kisses Roger good night. Lucy smiles at Sir James and extends her hand, wishing him a good night. Aren't you going to kiss me too? Sir James asks.
On the bottom: tights, knee socks, a full-length vintage slip, and then my skirt. In addition to the slip on the top half, I'm also wearing a yellow woven cami top with the jacket and vest.
The day after the event
This happened many years ago. I was in Florida for a work conference, and the incident happened on the flight home. I settled into my seat, and a very attractive young lady took the seat next to me. If I was around 30, she had to have been in her early 20's, and she was the whole package - cute face, bright smile, lithe little body.
10/15/2008 - Columbus, OH - LC Pavilion
My father is Wyle E. Cattlecall. I didn’t apply for the form under the name you list below. I applied for it under his name, Wyle E. Cattlecall.
Description: Peter is going out tonite wearing his “tropical tux” before leaving he tries different paper and cardboard mustaches in front of the mirror.
Its been awhile since I last posted. A lot has happened.
Empty beaches, empty coffers.
The colors are beautiful in purples and greens and the yarn is a dream to work with, but, don't you know this was the hardest design I had faced yet! I wanted to show off the colors while designing something based around earth but anything resembling rocks or tree roots was just not working for me. Then I became inspired by my back yard.
Pete was the tidy and neat one
People watch, read the newspaper, and hang out for hours with a cafe mocha or two. The close-set tables make it the perfect atmosphere for holding hands, while the busy setting is sure to give you plenty to talk about.
The B-side of "Eight Miles High" -- a song titled "Why" -- was influenced more by Shankar's sitar music. Some people thought that McGuinn was playing a sitar on that song, but he was actually playing his trusty 12-string Rickenbacker guitar through a homemade distortion booster. Here's "Why":
Well…no ailment that is, apart from one, being a big ole fatty!
I'm a bitch in the afternoon
I ask him if he thinks black South Africans have a right to this land.
and tell her that I love her
Scrum Half; Mike Phillips (Wales)
When so many top financial professionals are freaking out like this, perhaps the rest of us should start paying attention.
"Submission doesn't mean that we are weak-minded, feeble, or frail. It means that we're empowered by choice, and that we're dedicated to esteeming others higher than ourselves."
Do we even need full mesh Tiny avatars? Spheres are real easy to dress. :X But I will grant, that the new sculpty heads are really nice. Somebody will no doubt make a Tiny mesh avatar. But I don’t see “old style” Tinies going out of fashion any time soon. My only wonder is, can the avatar be squished so that the upper arms/forearms/hands overlap, all the torso pieces overlap, and the upper/lower legs overlap. If that could be arranged, then the Tiny wouldn’t have to be folded up with limbs at 180 degrees to normal. Then we could probably stop unfolding with all those Biggie animations.
Applying this interpretation to the teachings of the reference, the Board found that:
Meet Koolhass by ZU. Similar to Nightwalk but in the end a bit cheaper and I can take them home right now instead of waiting for my Jeffrey Campbell store to get them in stock. They also have a squishy insole which means they should be super comfortable for long nights (or days) out. I think they are also a bit lighter then my Nightees which can be an upside when wearing them for a long time. Also love the little Mary Jane strap, it gives them a different look to my Nightee’s and I can wear them with tights (yay!).
But, really? It was mostly me, going... Mmmmm.... Oreo cake.
Since the Rothschilds took over the Bank of England around 1815, they have been expanding their banking control over all the countries of the world. Their method has been to get a country’s corrupt politicians to accept massive loans, which they can never repay, and thus go into debt to the Rothschild banking powers. If a leader refuses to accept the loan, he is oftentimes either ousted or assassinated. And if that fails, invasions can follow, and a Rothschild usury-based bank is established.
I used the River Silks Ribbons for this project. It was my first time to use the 13MM size. So lovely. It unfurled off the card and was ready to use. So pretty.
anyway, today is Mother's day! i know many voiced out that mother's day should be everyday, and to that i agree too, but to have one day where everyone everywhere bersepakat to treat their mothers, i think that is just awesome. but again, mothers should always be celebrated and treated specially everytime =)
I have this sort of obsession with Iron Chef.
Poltoranin, who had been in his job since 2005, was, of course, unemployed within hours of voicing the truth which date not speak its name. According to Reuters:
Ms Wong claims that she never actually downloaded the film, did not tell anyone else to download it, and did not know anyone was using her internet service to download the video. She also argues that the settlement letter sent to her was designed to coerce her into settling the case despite the absence of any facts supporting liability against her.
The awesomeness doesnt stop there! Check out the lyrics!
Before we left on our trip, I got a wild hair one night and decided to completely geek out this trip with the Mickey tie dyed t-shirts. I’d never made them before and was dealing with dye that doesn’t camouflage mistakes very well, so there was a slight learning curve. But the kids and I had a heckuvalot of fun making them and I thought they turned out pretty cute. Despite us being first timers.
Today I turned 25. Twenty five!! I have a tradition of writing happy birthday posts every year. This time I am writing this post from my android mobile.. something I planned on my last birthday.
One of my favourite lines is when the bloodhound team head off in an RV and their friends cheer them on with, "If you're tired pull over. If you're hungry, eat something."
Once the teachers were involved, ex hopped on board, as absolutely reluctant as he's been with me for years. It's been harder with J, but I told him what's happening isn't working, so we're going to try something else. If it doesn't work, then fine. I didn't elaborate on how hard it is to get the right med at the right dosage. Alas. Of course when I told him I would be taking him whether he wanted to or not, he said he would not go and it's just like my philosophy about babies and kids being victims of the medical system, captive audiences to get treatments they don't want. He's too smart for his britches. Somehow, I was able to tap dance out of that one.
A number of gizmos are on the market which offer to save this wasted beer. Some divert it into a little sealed vessel attached to the system, from which it can be reintroduced into the line after cleaning - of course, that little bottle will need cleaning at some time - but this doesn't seem like an entirely bad idea. Some cleverly disconnect the beer supply (keg) near the end of a session, while allowing you to sell what's already in the line. Some (for cask) allow the line contents to run (slowly) back into the container after the session - although this would leave the line dry, which may not be such a good idea. In other systems, the beer leaves the dispense equipment - into a bucket perhaps, and is manually reintroduced to the container - these are the ones that look distinctly dodgy to me. You'd definitely want to be sure that Customs & Excise / Trading Standards / Environmental Health aren't going to pounce on you.
Credible elections are everywhere the basis of plausible and effective democratic government.
Congrats, Tricia! You're lucky commenter #3. Email me your pages, and I'll send ya my critique. So excited to read them!
Just to summarize, this particular issue is one of great complexity and no one post can do justice to the situation to explain it fully in terms of its philosophical, theological, and societal implications. I merely wish to raise the question that very few Traditionalist raise, namely, whether or not Traditional Catholics should (or can) attend the Novus Ordo.
Cultural imperialism — & China’s century of cataclysmic breaks from its past — aside (if that aside makes any sense), Chinese things seem much more interesting & precious than they’re treated. We’d have expected more overt appreciation.
Thanks for listening/reading,
That's realistic.
Aimee has a 70-200mm. She uses a 15-70mm close up. She does buy the ones with the lower f-stop though. She recommends renting a lens to try out before buying. There are a lot of places that will do that. If you don't like it, you aren't stuck with something you don't like or that is really hard to focus.
I am better at protecting myself now. I don't keep in close contact with friends who are pregnant. I want to, I am happy for them, but it makes me even sadder for us. When a fellow babyloss Mom wanted to meet me with her 3 month old baby (Cub would be 3 months old now, I said that I would love to meet, but I have to wait until I am in a better place to spend time with the baby and see her mothering the baby). She said she would leave the baby at home. Even last month, I wouldn't have said that, I would have gone and felt terrible for hours after. My Mom wanted me to join a choir with her that will sing Christmas carols at different places in December. I'm not exactly looking forward to Christmas. I'm not dreading it as much as I was last year, but I'm not looking forward to it. I had to say no to her more than once about the choir. I used to love Christmas carols, but I don't listen to them anymore and I certainly don't want to start singing them now. Normally I would have given in to make her happy, but I stayed strong and said no, even though I knew I was disappointing her. But I did was is best for me.
6. Barterers And Their Wives
Proverbs 4: 22-27 says: My son, pay attention to what I say; turn your ear to my words. Do not let them out of your sight, keep them within your heart; for they are life to those who find them and health to one’s whole body. Above all else, guard your heart, for everything you do flows from it. Keep your mouth free of perversity; keep corrupt talk far from your lips. Let your eyes look straight ahead; fix your gaze directly before you. Give careful thought to the paths for your feet and be steadfast in all your ways. Do not turn to the right or the left; keep your foot from evil.
Let me try a few cleansing breaths before all of this.
Do they not know the Law?
NOTE: God deals harsher with those who know better
Now, the Lord says to me, the new set of partners will be for only three years. He said after three years, we can review. So, if you want to be one of my partners, your duties will be as follows:
Scarred for life
mwah and hugz xoxo
FIFA General Secretary Jerome Valcke accompanied by Local Organising Committee Chief Executive Officer Danny Jordaan were in studio with Everyday People’s Sive Msolo and Freedom Raphela.
Readers want to be taken out of their normal everyday worlds whatever the genre - whether it be soap stories, romance, adventure, mystery, or thriller. These genres still need some 'out there' plotlines or at best some exageration (or almost unbelievable aspect) of everyday life. Even the soaps, meant to be a representation of ordinary folk and ordinary life, stretch our sense of credulity to the limit.
But, really, what I want to say here is, if you do not want to become a victim you really do need to do your research, think before you click, and exercise a healthy “paranoid common sense” when online.
Given that beer experts, and Horst Dornbusch, have worked on this thing for the best part of five years, this is unbelievably shoddy. I was expecting some poor stuff but this is just incredible. Especially since Protz has written stuff in the past that shows he did once know Barclay Perkins and Courage were separate concerns and didn’t merge until the 1950s.
I have a love/hate relationship with holiday shopping. On the one hand, holiday shopping is a pain: the crowds, the traffic (that one's new to moving to LA!), the same five Christmas songs in every store, etc. On the other, I really like buying gifts for other people, and I still much prefer going to the store to do it. I don't often have specific things in mind for specific people, but instead I really love to browse and see what's on offer.
After the baby naming ceremony yesterday, Sulemanu took me back home and I had a little more to eat. A friend of Joan’s named Esther had brought over some foufou with jamajama leaves. It’s a fairly bland dish that they say doesn’t really have a whole lot of nutrients but just fills you up. The foufou is made from corn flower that is mashed, boiled in water, dried out, and boiled again. It’s white and has an almost matzaball soup like texture. You eat it with your hands and break the foufou up into smaller pieces and scoop a little bit of the jamajama leaves with it as you eat. Most of the people in this area seem to be fairly healthy although some are definitely malnourished. Bob says that’s not because they don’t have food to eat but rather they choose to eat the cheapest things they can make or find, like foufou. It’s simple and very lacking in nutrients.
“I’m leaving you Roger. There is a plane leaving tomorrow for Cairo. It has a one way ticket. I won’t be returning.”
for my glitter title i cut the word together using my slice machine out of brown card stock. i first adhered it to my layout and then covered it in a layer of dimensional glaze. then sprinkle the glaze with glitter and leave it to dry for a good 15minutes before shaking off the excess glitter. a perfect glitzy title to get you into the holiday mood...
Ever faithful to God and her family, St. Monica bore her crosses with patience. In this respect, she reminds me of St. Helena who also overcame great adversity.
Cervecería Cuauhtémoc Moctezuma, S.A. de C.V.
I've got a good one for you all today, my friends!
Turns out Misha's going through the same thing, and her advice is sound. One word at a time, that's the only way.
it's hard to believe the scotland run on saturday will be my first nyrr race of 2012! i had signed up for the Manhattan half in january - but the only snowstorm of the winter turned it into a fun run (and a point toward the 2013 nyc marathon). i've run this 10k before - and even volunteered at it's packet pick-up a couple of times.
The research comes from the Highway Loss Data Institute, a firm run by insurance companies to find ways of reducing crashes and deaths. Using five years’ worth of insurance claims from 2005 to 2010, the HLDI compared the collision rates between adults drivers between 35 and 60 years old and teen drivers between the ages of 16 and 19.
In other news, I am now way behind on Devil in the White City and am going to have to do a lot of catching up before Sunday. It's beautifully written, but the serial killer freaks me all the way out. I know he's been dead for a long time, but still: MAJOR CREEPY. So far on the architecture side it's mostly been meetings, which while important are not particularly riveting. Frederick Law Olmsted doesn't shoot anybody or anything. (at least not yet!) My reading eye has been wandering, but I'm ready to buckle down now. It really is very good.
11. We need to officially invite the authors of all turn-by-tun navigation apps to submit an app for step-by-step gps/gyro navigation system for the blind.
Letter from Prisoner in Protective Custody, Leschek Jankowski
The Orthodox dogma of our redemption—which includes the doctrines concerning Christ’s incarnation, death and Resurrection—is the chief dogma of our Faith, together with the dogma of the Holy Trinity. I have been especially contemplating and reading Patristic writings on this subject for a few years now. It is a vast subject. In this lecture I will try to outline its main points in a linear and chronological fashion. I will speak about the state of man before the Fall and after the Fall, and then speak about how Christ saved us from the consequences of the Fall through His incarnation, death and Resurrection. Finally, I will summarize all the present and future accomplishments of Christ’s redemptive work.
You are a very hard worker.
On Sunday
How did you overcome your challenges to graduate from university?
Track Fire, NM
I remember at the beginning of the 2011 season, Jack asked me if I thought you would break the save record in 2011. I told him that I thought it would probably take two years, perhaps early in the 2012 season. But you had another remarkable year and by the end of August it was becoming clear that you would break the record this year. On August 29, Jack and I went to Baltimore to watch the Yankees play the Orioles. The Yankees won 3-2, and you got the save. Jack wore his Mariano Rivera shirt that night, and we basked in the Yankees victory and the opportunity to witness history as you closed in on the record. After the game, Jack and I talked about what a remarkable player you are—not just in terms of talent and what you have accomplished on the field—but also in terms of how you play the game. We talked about your interviews, and how you always acknowledge God and your teammates. You are a picture of humility in a profession that often promotes just the opposite. I thank you for that.
Featuring the product is lame.
I pluck the book from its stand and flip through it, incredulous.
Taiwan is uniquely positioned to contribute to regional situational awareness of the air, space, sea and cyber domains. Peacetime air surveillance data can be fused with other sources of information to
So there you have it. Plenty of disposable income for all the goodies: XBox, Wi, I-phone, laptop, Flat Screen telly, you name it, we buy it!
I reflected today,
my plan is to not mention it..and then when we are sitting there at church and someone mentions it...and he looks over at me...and i will give him my best puppy dog eyes like, " i can't believe you forgot mother's day".
Now, to begin our discussion of Kṛṣṇa I will tell you about the birth, deeds, and rescue of Parīkṣit, the sage among kings, and the final end of the sons of Pāṇḍu.
I hope and pray that you all have a wonderful Lord’s Day today. Thank the Lord for the rain.
That was when I last heard from him.We didn’t argue, we didn’t have a disagreement – it was just the last time I heard from him. His flight was due in two nights ago and I texted him welcoming him here. No response.
Your jars must be submerged in the boiling water for processing. Cover with a lid and boil for 25 minutes. Then, remove from the heat and remove the lid. Let the jars stand in the hot water for 5 mins, then remove and let cool. Done!
let’s live
To make the challenge even more fun, we will be giving out a prize, a $15 gift certificate to be used toward stamps at the Our Daily Bread Designs store!! Entries for the prize must be submitted by Friday, November 25 at 8 a.m. EST. One random winner will be chosen and announced next Saturday. If you are not using ODBD stamps, please do not enter more than once. Additional entries without using ODBD stamps will not be commented on or will they qualify for prizes.
corner of our backyard!
CustName: Webtrends Inc
Here are the pictures from the middle of the mess! Click to enlarge.
The next time a pretty girl you dates
SanJAsKa: Hello dear Wesley, I am doing wonderful. It has been magnificent to be a part of the many energy-gate openings that we have been quite busy taking place in, in the last few days of your time.
I was recently contacted by Attune Foods and asked if I would review their Probiotic Chocolate Bars. I had never heard of Attune Foods before - so I did some research and asked lots of questions. They also have granola and granola bars in their line - but those are not gluten free. Their only products that are gluten free at this time are the chocolate bars. And the only ones that are casein free as well are the 3 dark chocolate varieties. If you are also soy free - which I know many of my readers are - this product is not for you - all 3 of the bars I tested clearly stated that they contain soy.
4. A lawyer drumming up business by chasing ambulances is considered in poor taste, but a hearse driver drumming up his own business in crosswalk should probably be illegal. A Macomb County man was struck by a hearse today…
The Perfect Amount of Detail.
As you can see on the pictures I made a mistake. You can still see some of the bases, so I need to fix that a little bit. The sides of the bases are painted green as I will do for all the Napoleonic figures I will paint of that period. I've also painted four more figures.
Almost as though I am living in a dream or dreaming of the world I am living in.
With Valentine's approaching, I'm wondering if you're a die-hard romantic, or if you prefer eschewing commercially-enforced love days? Bet you can guess what I am, based on how I phrased that!
Here are a few shots from the trip...
Fat off!! (…warning…do not say too fast…or with alcohol!!)
I don’t do many outfit posts as I started the blog to photograph what was in my wardrobe as a kind of image archive, but it has morphed into other types of posts over time. I'm also more interested in photography as a medium to convey the desirability of objects (hence the blog’s focus on that type of imagery).
Need to catch up?
1) Spent twenty hours this weekend helping my son revise and edit thirty pages of writing for his online course (you try explaining to an 18-year-old why he can't write a three page prompted store about a life epiphany, and have the conclusion be 'I don't really have an epiphany'). I really am wondering what it would be like to be one of those parents who just had to worry about what they were going to wear to the senior awards ceremony on May 1st.
Aside from the mixology portion (where I should note, I got a 99. One point off for filling a martini too full. Seriously? Any real customer would give me extra credit for that.), we learned tons about how practically every spirit is made and consumed.
Education, health and social services shall be the basic pillars for building society, and the state shall work on achieving balanced development among all regions of the Syrian Arab Republic.
Isabella’s character was fun and adventurous just the opposite of Fallon.
Stress is like that. It’s an unavoidable part of life.
The main improvement initiative I’m undertaking currently is to pick up things that have fallen on the ground. I’m still okay with stuff that’s supposed to be down there — pebbles, earthworms, the drunken homeless — but I’m trying to put forth a real effort to make my world a better place with the simple act of bending down and retrieving discarded litter. Some people have chosen to help earthquake victims; I’m thinking that charity begins at home, in an approximately three-foot radius of where I’m standing.
they say bees can fly faster than you can run
Although I normally associate Winnie The Pooh with very small people (perhaps because it has been so abused as a nursery motif), the humor is actually quite sophisticated and while it tickles my seven-year-old, his five-year-old brother's laugh usually comes one tell-tale moment behind. Still, even if you are not in on every joke, the narration is beautiful and soothing. A good choice for days when a calming effect is needed.
Going by last year’s record, it would be a “yes”. But expect police to be more restrained. Ambiga has simply this advice: “Be prepared.”
In light of this, my Facebook Profile page has grown and grown over the past two years - in particular - since I introduced The Independent Magazine content feeds to it three years ago. After some discussions with FB's Developer Support Team today, I've taken the decision to convert my FB profile over to an author and editor fan page for TIPM and my books. That 'porting' took place just before midnight, March 28th, and 95% of my 'Friends' list has transferred successfully across to the new author fan page. I'm told by FB Developers that the loss of 'Friends' during conversion is usually down to users who have discontinued or deleted their FB profiles. The conversion was always something I was going to have to deal with as my FB Profile was quickly reaching the limit allowed (5000). I'd rather act early with some discomfort and background work to do to re-install the aggregation, carry out some redesign, than have to face it eventually six months down the line.
These are the worst memories because they are so emotionally conflicting. A man I love(d) took part in the worst years of my life. A man I loved didn’t think twice about stealing what was left of my childhood.
John 14:6 Jesus saith unto him, I am the way, the truth, and the life: no man comes to the Father but by me.
This tutorial is something that I feel like sharing, just so you, the soap maker can get some ideas. This is not meant for you to copy exactly, just please use it as a guide. I will try to get as much tutorials posted to help all of you crafty soap makers. Now once again, this is for those who already have been making soap, so, I wont be giving away any formulas. I’m gonna keep it simple, SOAP MAKERS WILL UNDERSTAND;) HAPPY SOAP MAKING!!
The most wide-spread, numerous, and geographically diverse chickadee, this chicken cheers winter weather days at chicken bird feeders and desperately uses home containers. It is inquisitive, with little or no worry of people, and it is well-known for voluntarily, after a little “training,” taking seed and crazy from the hand. During slip postbreeding actions, its deafening little events usually contain titmice, nuthatches, woodpeckers, and other types. The calls of a run of black-cappeds in the slip often transmission the use of migrant warblers and vireos. Polytypic. Length 5.3" (13 cm).
leap of faith.
“The governor role I think can potentially be huge in that politics is everything when it comes to off reservation gaming,” said Matthew Fletcher, director of the Indigenous Law and Policy Center at MSU.
Today, I believe, is Celebrity day. She and her friends are dressing up like characters of the tv show Friends. Maddy is being Phoebe and has been practicing the Smelly Cat song all week. I now know it... in it's entirety...
4 filled
We are the Nordic Readers, not because we specialise in Scandinavian crime but because it grew out of the Nordic Walking group I am part of. We've read half a dozen other novels since, our favourite being Kathryn Stockett's The Help and the one we liked least Christian Tsolkas' The Slap.
Congrats, Colleen and Stephanie! Bring home the gold this July!
Your serpentine was perfect, except that it was supposed to be a straight centerline.
I’ll start cooking! Yes!
2 tsp. Salt
It was time to make a decision. It was time to start looking at the real severity of the situation. It was time to wake up and face the awfulness that had been happening the measly few hours we were trying to save our basement. I started to take a closer look. I wasn't happy with what I was finding. Our baseboards were all swelling and corners were splitting. Doors were swelling. Furniture was cracking. Our fireplace was expanding. So was the rest of the furniture. It was ALL splitting and expanding! This was bad. Real bad.
Line a cookie sheet with aluminum foil and spray with cooking spray. Spread peanut butter onto crackers, cover with another cracker to make a sandwich. Line the cracker sandwiches on the cookie sheet. Melt butter and brown sugar together, bring to a boil and cook for 2-3 minutes. Pour the caramel onto the cracker sandwiches. Break up the chocolate bars and scatter over the caramel. Allow to sit for a few minutes to let the chocolate melt. Spread the melted chocolate over the caramel layer. Cool, break up into pieces and eat.
So although my book LOOKING FOR JJ was read widely in the last couple of years it doesn't mean that the new wave of teens will automatically know about me or my work.
Max has a new word. It's "OW" and he has learned ever so quickly that upon uttering that simple syllable everything not only stops, but everyone surrounding him rushes to his aide smothering him with assurances and snuggles. Just as soon as he learned this lesson, he learned to abuse it.
It all started out with one… The one that in the seventh grade I’d decided would be for my writing only. Here it is, right here… It’s the first notebook I’d ever bought specifically for writing, and I was damn proud of it. I even bough some special shiny gel ink pens to use in it! I was going to write my first novel in this thing, and all my novel ideas, draw some pictures, gasp, become famous!
On recognizing that it was Mr.
In truth, it now seems that their end game is to put Christians into such a small corner that the only place left for open faith is behind the closed doors of your home.
“Oh, I don’t mind,” she said. “I’m in no hurry. I’m on my way to a hospice.”
However, these colors were flat, and did not match my paper or chosen accent colors at all. So, my next step was to pull out the G12 I liked. I lightly brushed the G12 over the brown bear, starting in the shadows and feathering over the light areas. I did not blend. Here it may look kind of odd, but remember, this bear will be sitting on greenish paper.
I writhed furiously against the two cocks that were still inside me. I could feel those cocks stretching me as I ground against them. I cried out “Oh God, harder. Fuck me harder. Fuck me deeper. Ohh God, Oh God I’m coming, I’m coming, fuck me, fuck me FUCK Meeeeeee!!!!!!”
Even two rooms with a common wall, are separated by a door,
SNSD’s Jessica, Super Junior’s Sungmin and f(x)’s Luna recently appeared on tvN’s talk show Taxi.
This ambush allows you to achieve new bill arise appliance Yoshi. You can use the added bill to get to one hundred bill faster, or to admission your bread almanac on a authentic level. This ambush is adequately simple to do. Alpha off by allotment Yoshi and entering any level. Go up to an enemy, and absorb it. If you absorb the enemy, columnist R to about-face it into an egg. Then, acquisition accession enemy, finer one that is abreast several added enemies. Aim so that your egg will not anon hit the enemy, but will backlash off of the enemy. Shoot the egg. The egg will hit the adversary and afresh animation of. Aback the bold thinks that the egg exploded, it will abode the adversary bill at the abode beyond the egg hit the enemy. It will aswell accord you the bill for the adversary if you defeated it. Aback the egg was not destroyed, however, it will abide to go and hit accession enemy. If it hits the added adversary you will accept bill for acquisition the enemy, and you will accept the adversary bill from the egg again! If the egg bounces off several enemies afore it breaks, you will accept bill assorted times for the adversary that was in the egg. The added times the egg bounces off enemies, the added bill you get. This is abnormally advantageous if you absorb enemies that accord you dejected coins, aback you can get abounding dejected bill by appliance this trick. This ambush is difficult to cull off on accustomed enemies, but it is annual it. This ambush is easiest to use if you shoot the egg at a Bob-omb aback they are babyish and usually do not breach the egg.
I feel fine.
"When most of the United Kingdom weren’t using hops because of growing climates, Scotland imported hops extensively for their brews."
The next moment may be different
(I guess the hot water supply at the camp
62 tell
If a Stephen King novel coming out next year had a small bridge in Maine named after it – for the next twenty years – the It 2 Bridge – surely this would not be a bad way to give King's novel near-permanent cultural exposure?
Why does my blood boil when I hear this crap?
I coloured my Seam binding by putting it in a little glass with re-inker, and soaked for awhile, then let dry, and spritzed with shimmer mist, and scrunched it up and let dry ...
“You have one hour,” the examiner said, carelessly dropping the test envelope down in front of Anya. “All the sections must be filled out,” he placed a pencil at the top of the desk, “any hint of cheating and your test will end immediately, and you will be prohibited from testing again until next year.” Anya reached for the pencil, but the sharp glare from the examiner made her shrink back into her chair. “The test will begin when I say it does.” He growled, walking towards his desk.
So if you've emailed work or a query, and not yet heard back, don't panic. I'll get round to everyone in the end. Though once it's more than 4-6 weeks, feel free to nudge me, in case your email went astray.
Tied on the Umpqua C400 jig hook and with a tungsten slotted bead, the Jigged Prince has become a serious go to pattern for many of our guide team this spring. And we are expecting big things to come from its colleagues, the Jigged Pheasant Tail and Hare’s Ear, and Bugger variant the Thingamajig.
Treble Clef flatware by Gourmet Settings
And if you’ve seen the video of Sweet Brown…AINT NOBODY GOT TIME FOR THAT….watch it because I can’t help laughing when she gets interviewed!
8. The Ruger SR .22 appears to eat almost any ammo with zero problems
By 1930, he was an M.C. at the Palace. In 1932, he formed a sort of loose team with Jack Haley co-hosting at the Palace. This and a couple of early talkies were the summit of his success. He had a difficult personality that kept getting in his way. He was fired from the 1925 Ziegfeld revue No Foolin’ for mouthing off to the boss. He blew a contract with Fox Pictures by refusing to get a nose job. Similar bad luck plagued him with his shot at a radio program for Orange Julius, which was canceled after one broadcast.
Profiles of distilleries that did make the cut include the name of each, the owners’ names, contact information, websites, social media accounts where applicable, the types of spirits produced, awards, and other details that help to flesh out our understanding of each.
Still, the DEIS acknowledges that, “In 2016, with mitigation, all significant impacts would be fully mitigated at 29 out of 68 intersections; some but not all significant impacts would be mitigated at a further 37 intersections, and no significant impacts would be mitigated at a total of two intersections.”
Before His denial, Peter had asserted that even if all others denied Christ, he would not. So Jesus begins by asking that question — “do you love Me more than these?” A humbled Peter drops the comparison and simply asserts, “Yes, Lord, you know that I love you.” So Jesus presses further, “Do you love Me?” That is, “Do you? Do you really love in the way that you say you do?” And Peter asserts that he not only loves Jesus, but that Jesus knows that he does. One final time Jesus asks, “Do you love Me?” The force of this seems to be, “Peter, as you reflect on your inward desires and passions, do you really love Me?” Peter was grieved over this third question, perhaps because it reminded him of his denials and perhaps because it had to be asked three times, but he responds, “Lord, you know all things. You know that I love you.” In this final affirmation he is just as emphatic as he was in his final denial in which he invoked the curses of God (Mt. 26:74). Yes, he loves Christ.
Amazon.com: Customer Discussions: Yeah!! Amazon is cracking down on self promoters!!Part of the new rules-"....With the advent of the new community, we will no longer allow self-promotional posts in other communities. Starting on Saturday, May 14th, all "shameless self promotion" activity will be limited to the `Meet Our Authors' community. Promotional threads outside of these forums will be removed." We have officially been put in our place.
No chores were done and I sat at my craft desk guilt free to work on Project Life when Travis was either in the wrap or napping. I indulged and watched Grey's Anatomy & Scandal while nursing Travis and holding him maybe a little too long so I could finish the episodes.
Vit B12 – Maintain general health
Obsessive Compulsive Disorder (OCD) is a mental illness that primarily revolves around anxiety and coping mechanisms that the individual has developed in order to handle that anxiety. Many people have OCD, but it can be hard to understand. The following links provide information and resources regarding this disorder.
K-Kashi- Do you purchase their products, if so which ones? Yes, and I like the grain and fruit bars
On the other hand, Mr. Evangelos Venizelos, the present Minister of Finances and a candidate for the leadership of the party, appeared more down to earth, expressed his regrets for the situation of the country and stated that PASOK must rediscover its social roots and values. He would have been more convincing if he had made this speech at a non pre-electoral period, when opinion polls show PASOK below 10%!
For the days to be long,
All Digi Stamps will be available as black & white tiff or jpeg files so you can color them any way you like. Once I have all of the drawings complete and in correct file formats, they will be posted to my ETSY Shop. I will post more information when available.
If he is truly my priority I will realize that the brownies can wait; the dishes can sit there when he needs me.
For Mary was to be married to Joseph but before they came together, she was found to be with a child. In Mary’s day this was against the law. Now, Joseph her husband was a righteous man and because of this, he choose to not expose her flaw. Then one night in a dream an Angel appeared and said, “Joseph, do not be afraid, for what Mary has is from God not man. You will name the child Jesus for he will be the sacrificial lamb.”
Ghostpoet is one more artist to the group this year that is of the electronic or more urban genre that they’ve been including a lot more in recent years. Supporting fellow nominee on their 2011 tour Metronomy, Ghostpoet is not Tinie Tempah hip-hop though the picture on the cover of the CD may give you that impression. I believe that this guy isn’t for someone like me but not exactly a bad artist. Just not for me. Yes, my least favourite of the pack is still Adele.
Yes, that’s me…still.
If you’d like to watch the whole interview, or to enjoy our other Executive Insights videos, you can subscribe to Soundview Executive Book Summaries. All editions include the monthly video interviews. And we’d love to hear back about what you’re learning as well.
Thro’ Him that redeemed us!
The fact that a child got mixed up in it all made us feel that it mattered, that there was no going back.
On the day of his birthday, I decided to make chili. This is one of the few things I can make that will feed us and their family of six. I browned the ground beef, filled up the crock pot, and viola. All the effort I can muster up for them these days. MJ wanted a carrot cake so he went out and bought a HUGE cake from the store. I mean, this was one monstrous cake. I personally don't care for carrot cake, but it was his birthday, so he got what he wanted.
She starts having strange visions of her grandmother Doris telling her to use these liquids to cure her twin sister Dorothy, who had a stroke same day Doris died. Hmmm, are these weird stories about twins' connections real?
First, we talked about conditioning. I need to lower the intensity of our schooling rides for a bit until he is more fit. He was a bit sore in his booty last night, and I know I've been asking a lot more of him recently, so I plan to give him more breaks during schooling rides, and try to learn some massage techniques to make him feel a bit better.
I am feeling quite encouraged and optimistic for March, especially considering that....
And I’m too shy
Recently my computer has commited suicide.
♣ When I though someone was waving to me, so I waved back. But in the end, I noticed she wasn’t waving to me. xD OFTEN happens to me!
He is super-duper smart and talks so intellegently.
Second, we need real health reform, not the Obama style, but we need health reform that allows her to buy in. And Dr. Paul is right. She ought to get the same tax break whether she buys personally or whether she buys through a economy.
"Ohhh. Is that for health class?"
“It seems he does,” said the Flight Leader. “And we must pick him up. He can’t die.”
As he buttoned up the last button of his coat near his neck, he noticed Chloe coming towards him.
Veganism.....go ahead, let it roll around on your tongue. I know, I know most people don't react well to that word, unless they are a Vegan. I confess, I was one of them until recently. I mean, you need stuff from all the meat that you're suppose to eat, right? What about the fact they probably don't ever eat anything good. I mean at least Vegetarians get good stuff sometimes, right? I can't think of any other misconceptions I had of Vegans other than, growing up in the heart of the Midwest (beef and potato country), the idea of a Vegan was akin to eating out of a dumpster.
Stay in jail or not:
You will receive an email from me with 72 hours, confirming your participation. If you do not, please email me at teri@momtobedby8.com and I will check into it for you.
But this is the same ego-driven thinking that gave birth to market share. Looked at from a social media perspective, however, we realize that it really isn’t about the brands. It’s about the people — the community — whose problems the brands exist to solve.
Dusty's issues footnotes have an appendix
I’m also away for the next few weeks but there’ll still be some interesting blog posts to read right here, about work happening within CMDHB and in the community. Also, if you haven’t already seen them, Jonathon Gray’s started a blog called Transformation Essentials, while our ELT yesterday started a ‘Team Counties’ blog to tell you more each week about the work they’re doing to help us become the best healthcare system in Australasia by 2015.
Śrī Caitanya Mahāprabhu therefore stated that the spiritual master who plays the part of Kṛṣṇa’s representative has to consume all the sinful reactions of his disciple. Sometimes a spiritual master takes the risk of being overwhelmed by the sinful reactions of the disciples and undergoes a sort of tribulation due to their acceptance. Śrī Caitanya Mahāprabhu therefore advised that one not accept many disciples.
* – conflict with a file which does not belong to any package.
This should really be read with a hearty voice and a Scottish accent, preferably with a glass of single malt in hand.
It's time for a giveaway! Are you excited???
Sistahs on the Shelf is up for a 2009 Lezzy Award in the Entertainment/Culture category from The Lesbian Lifestyle website. Sistahs needs your nominations, and you can do that by clicking the banner above. Only the top 3 nominated blogs will move on to compete for the winner of this category. You can make one nomination every 24 hours, and be sure to check your email to click on the confirmation link listed there.
By an order in council of the 8th of September 1873 it was decreed that services should be held in all Icelandic churches to commemorate fhe millenary anniversary of the first settlement in Iceland, and it was left to the Bishop of Iceland to decide upon a day and the choice of a text for the service.
The horrifying - and blatantly racist - case of Trayvon Martin has brought this to the forefront for me recently. If you are unfamiliar with the case, please read about it before continuing. The basic gist is this: Travyon was a 17 year old black male who went to the store for some Skittles, and was followed - perhaps hunted - and gunned down by a Hispanic neighbor (initially thought to be White) who deemed him "suspicious." The mostly White police have thus far failed to charge the murderer. This is not the first such case ,and will not be the last. In some ways, I have become immune to the headlines; like an addict, I have built up such a tolerance for injustice that it takes a mountain to even prompt a major reaction. It's easy for me to simply scan the headlines and say "hmm, another Black kid was gunned down, no big shock, crazy world" and move on to my comfortable life. Like most people.
Last year, invited by a guy I’d photographed singing in his punk band, I went up to Edinburgh for the Scottish Tattoo Convention. As a portrait photographer who loves faces, seeing all these people covered in piercings, tattoos and more than a few outlandish hairstyles, I felt like a kid in a cookie factory (click here for the blog post about it).
After measuring the space, I went to HD to get some wood cut.
St Paul the Apostle also spoke gently when he discovered the people of Athens worshipped idols. “Men of Athens, I perceive that in all things you are very religious…” this was quite a nice way of rebuking idolatry.
He allows the “optimists” their say and acknowledges that the West faces a genuine dilemma in forming a judgment about such a big, baggy movement which speaks with many voices. Though he remains a skeptic, he provides a wealth of information to let the rest of us make up our minds. He explains how in the 1950s a small, tightly knit band of Brothers successfully transplanted the movement to Europe. Led by Said Ramadan, the son-in-law of the Brotherhood’s Egyptian founder, these pioneers turned Geneva and Munich into the hubs of a network of mosques and institutions lubricated with Saudi funding.
3. She who controls the cookie, controls the game. Don’t allow a man to unclasp your, um, cookie jar, until he has earned the right to. The Sex in the City three date rule before sex is tossed on it’s ear. You shouldn’t invite a man in for a nightcap until the 5th date. If you are serious about a man and want him to be serious about you, make him wait 90 days for sex. Most employers make you go through a probation period (usually 90 days) before you get benefits. Same idea.
6:55: Can’t maintain an erection? Don’t take a pill, just stopping being a sissy and act like a man! RAWR! Steaks and lasers and uppercuts and explosions! So is being a “bro” basically just living perpetually in a Michael Bay movie?
My dog is being a dog and cares little for day to day woes as long as he's fed and loved and has his teddy to cuddle.
Ink/medium:copics,memento ink tuxedo black
So -- a 15% discount AND a free baby swim shirt!
There’ll be no more from now on
The Copenhagen conference came to a hasty end as the world’s leaders fled the city to avoid being trapped there by a massive blizzard. The global warming they all warned against in 2010 was not occurring and is not occurring.
You might tell me now that these two positions just describe some fantasies young girls or not-so-young women might nurture in private but I think their huge popularity is quite dangerous as it also says something about the society at large (and more specifically about women as both authors and the majority of their audiences are females). If you write about rape or/and manipulating the other human being by using any form of pressure (sex included) in positive terms some people will think it is basically a proper behaviour whereas in reality it is just abuse plain and simple. Women have spent years trying to get equal treatment (still a matter of distant future in so many countries even in Western Europe and in the USA) and now some spoilt female authors write tasteless fantasies about being stalked, beaten,
If any other Republican primary candidate - short of Jon Huntsman - had won the primary battle, Barack Obama would walk away with the presidency in 2012 with no trouble. However, Romney's boring moderation makes him a candidate to be reckoned with in the general election if the economy doesn't improve between now and November 2012. If we look at history, incumbent president's with bad economies and high unemployment have had a very difficult - if not impossible - time getting re-elected. And since Romney has continued to tout his business experience, he might look like the shiny new thing in American politics, if voters think that he truly can improve their economic outlook.
First, we have my daughter's karate. Then, one of my friends turned 40 a couple days ago and his wife is throwing him a surprise party today. Should be fun! Lastly, we are heading out near one of my friend's area to hit their local hockey team. Her boys have never been to a hockey game and we thought it would be fun to all go together. Can't wait!
We noticed these gulls out on the lichen-covered ledge taking a mid-morning snooze. We made sure to tiptoe by, so as to not wake them. Not that they would ever return the favor, but after all they did provide an appreciated photo-op on this hazy morning.
Avoid it if you are looking for something big to happen every two minutes. Also miss it if you are easily disappointed with subtle climaxes.
Plunge in..
December 8 on your calendar to make sure you can come out to this popular
She was the room-late-wish of time as space-soda
However, this suddenly comes to a stop when you reach the service manager or senior manager level of the authority. Suddenly, the ambitious member of staff is confronted with just the top 5% of the local authority and many of them are not going anywhere quickly. Even if they do the amount of jobs on offer at the next level up are relatively small as many of them are extremely specialist. For example, I have a friend who, despite being at a non-managerial level has just three roles in our council he can move into. After that there would be just one if he is not to move out of his specialist profession.
Yet, one day today, we wear ‘kuning’.
The only thing I am questioning is my discharge letter! I can’t read (of course, doctors writing) what they listed as my diagnoses asides from Major Depression. It says emotional instability or something like that, no Borderline Personality Disorder! So, for once again, I shall be named ‘the Quiet’ and not ‘the Quiet Borderline’! EDIT: Someone has kindly reminded me that there is/has been talk of changing the name of BPD to Emotionally Unstable Personality Disorder – That’s what it reads on my discharge letter!!
The youthfulness the thrill, the stories untold
Rather than write my own response, I will let the fact that I have advertising on this site (and am more than comfortable with it) speak for me.
A more informal look could be worn with this Topshop pair of earrings. They’re more of a cowgirl style, and they would look amazing with a denim shirt:
It changes color in response to the body temperature of its wearer. The color is said, to indicate the emotional state of the wearer.
Nicer still the angels were
Banaian shared why he was running for House, stating, “I find myself quite frustrated with the tenor of the debate in St. Paul and in Washington. I looked at the way of doing budgeting and said, ‘Anyone whose taken some time thinking about public finance and economics would never write a budget the way they’re doing it. What if we could go down to St. Paul and have the opportunity to tell them to do it a different way?”
14. Set Me Free (Andy Scott) - 4:01
Yeah, it becomes more apparent every post that I am anxious of what is to come, because for the first time, I really don’t know what to expect. I guess I need to be a wolf. After all, I stepped up last night and help split the near brawl that almost erupted on the Row. I made sure that one of my own didn’t get sucked in, even if he was already helping hold a guy back.
The idea that Abe Lincoln was an anti-racist meritocrat who plunged the country unwillingly into war for the rights of negroes is a gross distortion of history. This was a war about the Southern States’ desire to continue harvesting high-margin cotton…but also one where fighters took sides about whether States’ Rights were more or less important than the Union itself. For those who thought in favour of States, Lincoln’s election in 1860 was a red rag to a bull: before he’d even taken the Oath of Office, seven States had seceded. They eventually became the Confederated States – and the war began.
Summer vacation doesn't exist for me anymore.
And he was fine. He didn't want to make the trip three days a week any more than we did. He didn't ask to move closer to the rink, he didn't curse me for going back to work, he didn't cry or seem upset in the least. That freaked me out. Here was something I wanted so badly for him and he was able to brush it off with relative ease. That was not only surprising, it actually stung a bit. Hockey is my thing, my passion, my game . . . if he was okay leaving it behind, even if only for the spring and summer, what did that mean for me? I felt like someone I love rejected something I love . . . and that hurt. But more on that in a bit.
I draw.
The overall point of web advertising is to stop you looking at the web page you originally visited, because you'd only learn something or gain whatever it is you wanted to gain before you went there. The click-through rates currently run at around 0.000000000000000000000001%.
Rick Santorum.
RR—In my book I acknowledge my indebtedness to Mr. Keel and his research and his writings actually helped me understand a lot about what was going on out in the Big Thicket because I grew up hearing all these stories about this stuff, and then I began to really that the sequence…. Well, you know you have the UFOs or unidentified strange lights, aerial lights—the ghost lights, the black panthers and wild men—these are elements of paranormal phenomena, all of which occurred in that place.
Christina Cretella
the freest country in the world -- you find free spirited slaves, free ranch chickens, free shots of wild turkey ....
2. Thank the blogger who gave it to you.
That’s my prayer today.
Several Pew Foundation polls have supported this statement over the last four years, and in fact may suggest higher percentages than used by CNN. (6)
The spicy lemon pickle (they call it “Yemeni Lemony Pickle” which is such a cool name) is just the right mix of sweet, spicy and sour and is a fabulous alternate dip for the Halloumi with the creamy tartare sauce. You could always just serve this with a wedge of lemon instead if you’re not up for making the pickle as well. I made it because I had a large fruit bowl full of lemons and was making some preserved lemons as well. I will post the recipe for the preserved lemons when they are ready.
really should start with a nap ;DD or some benadryl. hah!
But I digress. My point, I suppose, is that, pace Clare Coffey (and thanks for the shout-out, Clare; it's a nice difference from the haters of yore), I'm hardly a paragon of, well, anything. But nonetheless (and this is probably what riled up said haters), I firmly believe that if you give up your whole prior life when you have children -- if, that is, your whole prior life contained anything that you found beautiful, nurturing, or salutary for your soul -- it's going to come back and bite you in the ass. I don't believe in what you might call "professional" motherhood, unless that's a life you've been trained for and have always wanted, which is undoubtedly the case for many mothers. And on a related note, I'm convinced, whatever lurking trolls and former friends might think, that the only way to maintain some sort of culturally-defined "success" -- the flip side, that is, of my troll-former-friend's concept of "unsuccess," the kind of "success" that the other arts-critic commenter seems to have imagined is the natural outcome of being a talented person in the arts -- is to have access to some kind of reliable child care, in which someone other than you, the artist-mother, cares for your children for certain periods of time during which you practice your art. And the cultural imagination notwithstanding (I have it from someone who knows that Angelina Jolie has six nannies, one for each child!), not a lot of artist-mothers have this access, so a lot of artist-mothers stop practicing their art. If you, dear reader, have any thoughts that suggest otherwise -- and generally the thoughts I give credence to are those that can be backed up, if not by quantifiable evidence, then by anecdotal experience; they are generally not, that is to say, wild guesses about what motherhood must be like, made by non-mothers -- then kindly let me know, in an un-troll-like fashion if you can manage it.
Given the international assault on Israel’s legal rights these days, I highly encourage you to do your own research on the history and importance of the San Remo conference and how the Lord used it to fulfill those ancient prophecies.
That new freaky book, Fifty Shades of Gray by E. L. James
Anyway, we are currently on the New Kingdom literature section and are discussing how the literature reflects a rise in a middle class and the democratization of the individual during a history that predominately was royally based, specifically the connection of the Pharaoh to the gods, especially in the after-life. One of the sections we were able to read was an incredible set of four manuscripts that contained Love Poems, that were often sung and can be considered Love Songs. This poetry was absolutely stunning, with emotions that you and I can relate to. That is probably the coolest part. For me, it brought these ancient Egyptians to life. It is hard to remember that in history, the people who are substantial, are actually just people. In the case of these love poems, not just substantial people make a difference, but this poetry focuses on that of the ordinary person. In my opinion, that makes history even more real.
I love muted colours like these in the winter, they are cold and warm at the same time.
Jewel case CD (w/8 page booklet)
“Pink Day” is carried out with fans writing “Return Jaebum” on a pink envelope with money which is placed in a Salvation Army box.
I’m taking today off. Aside from the fact that I had to get up at 4:45am this morning to catch a flight to Las Vegas for work, I’m sore. And I looked at what’s on the Stretch DVD, and I’m not interested in more Vinyashas. Not today. I will stretch, though. Just on my own. I figure that leaves me some room for improvement over Phase 1.
The following package is currently installed:
Now dash away! dash away! dash away all!"
Spring has hit here in the Mid Atlantic. With that comes lacrosse practice and play practice and running here and there and everywhere (Seussical influence as of late).
“Dear friends, do not be surprised at the painful trial you are suffering, as though something strange were happening to you. But rejoice that you participate in the sufferings of Christ, so that you may be overjoyed (blissfully happy) when his glory is revealed.”
Yes, many of these people have a lot of money and accomplished every dream that they have had. Unfortunately, they do not have anyone to share those dreams with. There is nothing worse than living a dream alone. When this occurs, that dream can very easily become a sad and lonely nightmare. -Andy Pitt
This is my first ever Frock on Friday post. Though I have, in the spirit of the challenge, been making more effort to wear a dress on Fridays, I've never had the time to take a photo or blog about it until today. After the coldest, wettest summer in twenty years the UK has been enjoying unseasonably warm weather this week and I've actually worn a dress every day of this week to take advantage of the last days of a surprise Indian summer.
I cannot think of any…
IMPORTANT: don't forget to indicate the number of heads I will need to pain and also your nick/name if you are posting as and anonymous user.
AHHHHHH!!! Oh wait, I need to tell you something… I will be trying to get back on Twitter, I will be getting GM back up, and I am working on a book for Batch files. I’m really busy, and more posts will soon follow.
Furthermore, the careless rhetoric of some eminent citizens from within the PDP and the opposition – like those who even promised to make the nation ungovernable-that fertilized the ovary of the new Boko Haram. An ovary genetically engineered to birth in 2015, I think.
Also, please don’t complain about this new arrangement of partners for a few of you. This change was necessary to adopt to this specific situation to even out the number of students between the two classes, TDA A & B.
Mixed Citrus Blend (orange, lemon and lime) -
Andy and I are waiting in the middle of the woods on this nature trail.
KYRA SEDGWICK / Dept. Chief Brenda Leigh Johnson – “THE CLOSER” (TNT)
Christ. McKendrick’s steaming again. Slumped in the street with his bottle in a bag.
Well, was planning to document a little more of the pregnancy process today but my baby is giggling at me and my 4 yr old wants a new movie in since it's raining and he's going stir crazy. Will try to come back soon.
She wants for me
With the festive season fast approaching its a good time to get a new TV to make the most of your Christmas viewing. The LG 50PS3000 is an excellent buy and well worth the reasonable price.
In my design work putting the time and thought into coming up with a design solution that is everything the client wants, brings me great joy.
# = with SIGMA as support
It took me from October 2011 until December to read up, research and study what phone would suit my lifestyle. Various forums (Android Forums, Pinoy Android, XDA Developer), tech review sites (Engadget, Technorati, Pocket-lint, GSM Arena, T3, Ubergizmo, etc.) and YouTube reviews showcase this phone as the ultimate Android device for mobile gaming.
I let the stocking gifts fall through the cracks this year, and if WW hadn't been so prepared, there would have been none, so I need to do better on that!
The first level of disappointment came for fans when Head Administrator (pun intended?) Eve Torres made it known that Beth Phoenix was not medically cleared to wrestle (something that our very own Mr. Quinn Gammon knew via text message from the WWE forty minutes prior to that actual conversation taking place).
I digress....this man Swigga released a statement with this jam that illustrates just what he and Scram were trying to do and why we're getting this goodness:
For the middle of the body, I tooke a light weight frame that had some depth ( like a shadowbox) and black back drop, and added gears made of wood and foam, some tinker toy pieces, a fake clock, and some wire.
It’s a boatload of work, and I’m eager to get it finished.
I consider myself to be a good shopper and yet I was surprised to learn of some of the retailers that offer a Teacher Discount. In case you didn't know, these are a few of the retailers offering discounts to educators.
I understood exactly what he meant.
Meanwhile I had missed out (again) in Vancouver and actually not far from home, the art murals along the north base of Granville Bridge off-ramp at Seymour St. Usually a cyclist’s attention is diverted away from the mural details at this intersection since there may be either fast flowing car traffic or off-ramp cars ready to merge with traffic along Pacific Blvd. Hardly a great place to notice art. Yet I had been cycling by this area often, oblivious to the murals for the last 8 years.
A special guest taking part in the consecration was Bishop Alexander’s brother, Protodeacon George Golitzin, who was representing Bishop Alexander’s family. Also in attendance were representatives from the Theology Department of Marquette University. Another special guest at Friday evening’s service was Bishop Leonard Blair, Roman Catholic Bishop of Toledo.
I’m sitting in the Denver airport trying hard to think of a way to end this; to do some sort of justice to the whole experience. I don’t think I can and I don’t think I’ll continue trying for much longer- so as my trip ended in an anticlimax I think I’ll end the blog in a similar manner: we traveled the country, pushed our limits, experienced new things, arrived at our destination, went our separate ways, will return again seeking more.
While it is possible that other love spells existed that would have invoked him for homoerotic ends, we simply don’t have them, and can’t therefore say with any certainty that such magical activities did exist. It would seem unlikely that people would have been unaware of the homoerotic dimensions of the god generally, though. But, as with many things, we should not necessarily grant that history must be the sole source for what is done or for what is considered “valid” in the modern world and in modern practice; likewise, we should also not disqualify or dismiss what insights it may have. Therefore, the evidence of the love spell should not discount the possibility that Antinoan homoerotic love spells existed; and likewise, because of the existence of this love spell, we in the modern world should never have the viewpoint that Antinous’ ancient cultus was only for the homoerotically inclined.
“I have delighted to do Your pleasure, O my Elohim, And Your Torah is within my heart1.” Footnote: 1Ps. 37:31, Ps. 119:11, Isa. 51:7, Heb. 10:7-9.” (Psalms 40:8 The Scriptures 1998+)
First part of the series, I am writing about the attractions visited on the first day of the Nikko trip – a trip made up to the mountains to see Ryuji Waterfall, Lake Chuzenji and the Kegon Waterfall, all accessible by a bus taken from the Tobu Nikko Station. (a “how to get around nikko” post will be up later)
Last week she was told she would be induced due to "medical stuff"and we made arrangements on the spot. I was on the night train to Melbourne from Sydney to be at the birth of Tina's baby.
Dr. Seuss' The Cat in the Hat ... ABC Family ... 12:30 AM
7) Serve with chilli sauce.
Ok. Here are now the questions that Darci wanted me to answer:
In summation:
1/2 tbsp olive oil
3. Whatever happened to PIIPA's 2005 Survey - and to what use will the 2006 Survey be put?
There are many reasons to buy various publicly traded companies — but what they report in their balance sheets ain’t one of them.
From the very beginning, too, organisers made the audacious decision to operate not only by direct democracy, without leaders, but by consensus. The first decision ensured that there would be no formal leadership structure that could be co-opted or coerced; the second, that no majority could bend a minority to its will, but that all crucial decisions had to be made by general consent. American anarchists have long considered consensus process (a tradition that has emerged from a confluence of feminism, anarchism and spiritual traditions like the Quakers) crucial for the reason that it is the only form of decision-making that could operate without coercive enforcement – since if a majority does not have the means to compel a minority to obey its dictates, all decisions will, of necessity, have to be made by general consent.
The two cards I am showing you today are cards I made for a couple of challenges at Stamp TV. This card is for the challenge this week: Heavy Metal The card above uses the embossing foil technique. What an easy, yet impressive technique! You can see a video of this technique here:
Beyond all else, any evidence which could prove the make believe to be the lie it is must be erased and become what might be termed a “non-fact”.
I really can’t contain myself. I feel this obsessive need to blog every time something good happens to me, and guess what preppies? That decision has changed again. Right when you think I’m one way? One thing?
Talk unbelief, and you’ll have unbelief; but talk faith, and you’ll have faith. According to the seed sown will be the harvest.
More on this weekend getaway to come…
Soooooo.....
-Red Title Match: TBD
Wed 10/29 Dallas, TX House of Blues
Perhaps the most outrageous news is that in spite of her vows of celibacy, the Born-Again-Virgin is going to live with her boyfriend of more than one year, Gino Paoletti. Bristol describes Gino as a “good guy” even though he has made racist remarks and disparaged those with Down’s Syndrome. Bristol is the same woman who has been a proponent of abstinence-only education. Now the “ambassador” of abstinence, who has had a child out of wedlock, is going to live with a boyfriend of over a year, all the while proclaiming herself to be a “Born-Again-Virgin.” It is unclear at this point if this “Trial Marriage” will be successful. Gino may not be happy being married to a “Born-Again-Virgin.” My only hope is that Bristol discloses to Tripp’s preschool teacher that she is a virgin, and that Gino is not Tripp’s dad, his dad is the one that “stole” her virginity during the camping trip, and that it is purely coincidence that Tripp shares his name with the woman who has written a book about her pimp, Grandpa Palin.
Users of iPhone and Android Phones (HTC, Samsung, Motorola, etc) already have a SIM card inside, but all these phones can only accommodate one SIM card. With many users traveling frequently who need to swap with local SIMs or carry an extra phone, users can now enjoy dual SIM features by inserting the 2nd SIM into Gmate, therefore enjoying two numbers on their favorite smart phone, while maintaining only a single phone book, sms, and call logs… It’s as simple as that!
It was the one week break from school before the new semester starts. We reached the chalet around 2.30 pm. Only the 4 of us went there first cos hubby was working. Later, he did came in the evening and stayed overnight.
Of what we swore we'd never say
Consciously twisting the cap off my water bottle and taking as long and exaggerated a mouthful as self-awareness allows in an environment of manual labor, I distinctly notice something in my periphery that creates a small wave of unsettling angst. The familiar glare coming from underneath the hat worn by the very tan man with the shovel convinces me to take another final sip from my bottle and return to my garden spade. I move two small mounds of soil from the hole being dug to a pile next to me; as I work I carefully manage to notice the even tan and pleasing definition in my forearm muscles, a definite testament to my choice to rip the sleeves off of my t-shirt proudly displaying the services of the “Award-Winning Cambridge GardenScapes and Lawn Care.” Feeling a wisp of sweat-stained hair creep into my eye, I take the opportunity to look up at the clear sky and savor a hard-earned break.
One can safely assume that the very first primitive calendars were not designed from heavy rocks but simple sticks and stones carefully positioned in the ground. I think it is also safe to assume that this seemingly unimportant pastime was only practised by a select few in the clan, -- people with an inquisitive mind and a hunger for knowledge. In the early stages those inquisitive minds probably never even anticipated that members of their tribe would one day treat them as Lords, and possibly elect them as chiefs of the tribe.
Difference- $988
. . . I know, I'm a fucking tease!
“OK. I’ll get back at you next week.” With that Andy left the room.
2 lbs Hamburger (In my case I only used one because I was testing it but it could have used more meat)
So as we step through this simple model (see the enclosed model framework) we establish a common language of the business and how we have to coordinate across organizations – everything is linked. You establish the value propositions that define the product and services that create value for a specific Customer Segment. Just think about the importance to marketing of this aspect of the Business Model for a moment. The value propositions are the foundation for so many aspects of marketing: messaging in terms of marketing communication, positioning, advertising copy, campaign themes, SEO meta tags, one liner banner ads, sales presentations, etc.. Then there is the description of channels and how the enterprise will communicate and reach its Customer segments to deliver the Value Propositions. Then there are the Customer Relationships that the enterprise establishes with the specific Customer Segments. Revenue Streams define the cash the enterprise generates from each Customer segment. Key resources describe the most important assets required to make a business model work. Then there are the Key Activities that describe the most important things a enterprise must do to support the Business Model. Key Partnerships are the network of suppliers and partners that support the business model and help it scale. The Cost Structure describes all costs incurred to operate the Business Model.
We had a ball at our annual Mini camping weekend. The weather was way better than forecast, only one period of sustained rain, one day of completely unexpected sunshine too. We went to see a birds of prey display on the Saturday afternoon, it was fantabulous. I'm not that keen on birds at close quarters, but was prepared to make an exception for something like this baby:
Here's to the start of a new year - Happy 2011 from my family to yours.
To me, you are still nothing more than a little boy who is just like a hundred thousand other little boys. And I have no need of you. And you, on your part, have no need of me. To you, I am nothing more than a fox like a hundred thousand other foxes. But if you tame me, then we shall need each other. To me, you will be unique in all the world. To you, I shall be unique in all the world…
Jeremy sat awestruck. The oldest trick in the book. But he didn’t know whether to pat himself or kick his own rear. Pretty dumb, to say the solution and not know you did.
"Looking Back"
done. When I married, I told my wife Susan about the
The primary considerations at this step are to finalize the overall height, the radii for the front and rear curves, and placement of the doors in the side. After considering several options, we arrived at a 53" height that includes 3" overhang over the sides, 2" roof thickness, a 6" thick mattress, and 2" interior drop on the roof fan that will be installed later. This still allows for me (6'1") to reach over my head to change clothes while sitting on the mattress. In terms of the radii of the curves, we arrive at a 30" radius on the front, and 54" radius on the back. This seemed to be a good balance of curves with something that didn't look too egg shaped. Lastly, the door placement was decided to be as far to the rear as possible without encroaching on the wheels/fenders. The goal here was to be able to get in/out of the camper by sitting and turning, without having to shimmy forward/backward from a laying position.
I arrived at the house where the mahatma was going to give those in attendance the secret knowledge early on Saturday morning. The place was packed with hippies. We all sat on the floor. It was a summer’s day and it was hot and we were cramped into this large one room spilling out into the hallway. The mahatma arrived and the session began. He talked all morning and most of the afternoon about how this knowledge was special and how the guru was the perfect master. He told us how important it was to practice this knowledge and then almost at the end of the day, and at this point everyone was exhausted, he began to dispense the secret knowledge. Before I get into what happened, I want to relay to you one incident that made such an impression on me that after almost 40 years I still remember it vividly.
I used to blame it on anything or anyone, other than myself. Until you made me realize that I’m the reason behind my misery. The only person that’s destroying me is…..me. The voices in my head have messed me up. I have messed me up. It’s unbelievably cruel what I do to myself. And now I feel so distant, so disconnected from my own body. I’m running on empty, and I’ve given up. Please just, let me stare into nothingness.
If you can think—and not make thoughts your aim,
The first one is a dartboard great for those men's cards . Lots of cutting out but worth it.
I think a big part of Getting A Grip is about knowing what your best path is. In my case, that's often the path of least resistance. I feel like when a decision is full of "no" then it's not the right decision for me. It's important to be able to identify your comfort zone, even if only to be able to know when you're out of it. A comfort zone isn't necessarily a rut. Make your comfort zone a starting point.
Weakness: Despite their athletes, the Tigers aren’t a great rebounding team. Memphis is barely out-rebounding its opponents on the season. The Tigers are grabbing just 67.1 percent of their opponents’ misses. That’s just not going to cut it in the tournament. This is a product of the team wanting to get out in transition. However, if they play a team that’s strong on the offensive boards it could be an early exit for them.
these tides reverse,
We already know the long term suspects, Emmanuel Frimpong and the Verminator.
Craig moaned again and this time the echoing moans of the zombies in the tunnels behind them seemed to answer.
The next largest party is New Democracy, PASOK’s centre-right counterpart and main opposition partner. The fact that PASOK and ND are now bedfellows speaks volumes about the magnitude of the situation effecting Greece. That is if the massive riots, unemployment and mass exodus went unnoticed. ND seems to be your run of the mill centre-right party, but it does however have a profound hard right influence. Party leader Antonis Samaras was ejected from the party 16 years ago for his bull-headed stance on Macedonia, and of their two MPs, formerly members of the once third party in the coalition, far right LAOS, have come to the attention of international media for their views and history.
Lead me deeper and deeper into the heart of Divine Mercy.
I don't like anything about you
“It gives me satisfaction to be able to improve the lives of others. Their most common lament is that they wish they could turn back the clock, so that they won’t repeat the mistakes of their past and be where they are today.”
On a positive note…Well, at least I know the specifics of what I need to be working on …I should consider making these images my screen savers
Sunday April 30, 1967
I’m hoping to return to the Scripture in a few days and see if I can answer the questions. I’ll admit that my head has been clouded lately, so it just may be the fact that I’m not giving God my full attention.
Lets celebrate. Come on now. We all know the words:
Just behind it is the former tug Carolina Borealis. Click here to see photos of her conversion. I don’t think the project was ever finished, which is why she sits there looking so unused.
How lucky are we to have a Rabbit in the family school?
1/2 cup (1/4lb.) butter or margarine
Before these faithful Christians perished, their record was safely hidden away. Joseph Smith obtained these ancient records in 1827, and with the gift and power of God, Joseph was able to translate the ancient writings into what we have today. The Book of Mormon, along with the Bible, testifies that Jesus Christ is our divine Redeemer and that by living according to His gospel we can find peace in this life and eternal happiness in the life to come. Go HERE to read more.
07 As Heaven Is Forever 04:47
Five years after a peace accord marked the end of a decade long civil war, Nepal’s political transformation has entered its final phase.
Needless to say, there was some enlightening cultural exchange going on. I’m so glad to have met them all, and I wish them nothing but happiness, health, and safety as they make their ways both in South America and in life. Somehow the idea of them achieving their travel dreams makes me really happy.
If McGarity hasn’t sewn up Grantham’s new deal yet, I bet he wishes he had.
31Him God has put on high at his right hand, as a Ruler and a Saviour, to give to Israel a change of heart and forgiveness of sins.
-Vitamin C: the average adult needs 75mg per day; this amount must be increased to 100mg per day in pregnancy and to 150mg per day during breast feeding. Bear in mind that vegetables when boiled for 15 to 60 minutes lose 25 to 60% of their vitamin C, which passes into the boiling water. Fruits do not lose their vitamin C when they are made jam, because sucrose protects the vitamin C from oxidation. Furthermore, frozen vegetables lose approx 24% of their vitamin C; for example, 100gr of fresh green peas contain 7.5% of vitamin C, but if frozen at 0C their content in vitamin C diminishes to 4%.
12. Initiates new U.S. Treasury Bank System in alignment with Constitutional Law
The bonus is, these babies are gluten-free, which can be a nice change from the typical, wheat-centric breakfasts we all gravitate towards. Yes, they contain oats, but if you purchase gluten-free oats you’ll be guaranteed that you are getting a product that is safe even if you are Celiac.
We finally decided to take a break and grab a bite to eat around 3:30pm. Shortly before 5pm (2 1/2) hours before posted sunset) we went back out. Our first stop was an overlook of the Lake high high above Incline Village, Nevada. The light was still a bit hazy resulting in a flat look to the scene. We discussed ways of handling the low-contrast during post processing, then moved back down to lake-level with a stop at Sand Harbor State Park. Arriving at 5:30pm, I knew we were starting to get into the period where the sun’s angle was dropping low enough to allow for more delineation of shadows. We were not disappointed. It’s amazing how images start to appear much more readily once the light gets good. The above image was captured about 70 minutes prior to sunset. As you can see, the rock shadows were beginning to elongate creating the illusion of depth. Moreover, the low sun angle resulted in a warmer light evidenced by the foreground sand.
I compiled my prices from actual receipts, sales flyers, and writing some prices down as I browsed in the store. It's worth it to check out stores you haven't visited as well, or local sources like nearby farmers. It's a bit laborious at first, but once the Price Book is set up, it's easy to use. I've learned when a sale is a great deal, and when it's not really a sale at all. I've been surprised to learn that buying from the bulk bins is not always cheapest. There are grocery stores on the expensive side, but their sales are fantastic.
Yeah, back then Mary was called Angelina. But who cares? Writers change their minds, great bands make that possible, and in the final searing sax solo you became one with the less than lovely woman fretting about not being” that young anymore.”
We’ll say things like, “oh, we’re getting to know each other still,” or “Who that guy? Sure, we’ve been on a couple dates, but it’s nothing serious yet.” And if you’re stuck in 1999 and still thinking that Love Jones is how you should model a relationship, you might even say something like, “Oh we’re just kicking it.” But when anyone makes the mistake of jumping you two to the dating stage too soon – somehow you find a way to shut that down quickly.
But I’m no Occlumens, it’s true.
4.) Leadership University - I debated whether or not to include this one. On the one hand, it has a bazillion great articles covering everything under the sun. On the other hand, it’s website format is from the stone age and thus, not very helpful. But, the good outweighs the bad in this case, so I’m including it.
A couple of stools that were originally ugly blue with tweed cushions
margarita evening never erodes
- Fountain Square Pilsner
*Today we sang "I Need Thee Every Hour" at church. Has a lot of meaning right now.
I hope you enjoyed the Christmas tree inspiration from my favorite local boutique. Which theme inspired you the most?
Well I know that I promised I would post a couple of weeks ago, but I was too lazy that weekend - which seems to be a recurring theme in this household these days. I know that you guys have been wondering where I have been and how everything has been. Short story everything is going really well and I think I am afraid to talk about it because I am always afraid the bottom is going to fall out again. So here is my update....
Today's song on the 24 Days of Christmas on The Great Faith Adventure is Light of the Stable. One of my absolute favorite groups - Selah - does it. I will get to see them tonight at their Christmas concert at First Baptist Irving!! Yay! Thankfully there is not really much history behind the song. So I get to keep it nice and short :)
Vegan Options: Vegetarian Gumbo – *I ate this* This is my absolute favorite vegan offering at Disneyland. It’s a delicious Louisiana style gumbo with rice, onion, okra, and tomatoes served in a sourdough bread bowl. Delicious. I absolutely love this.
I am happy the day, I see my friends happy, sharing the joy they experience in life, the plans they make for life. I am happier to attend another marriage and witness the inter-caste rituals; provided they happen on the same day and at a distance, I am reachable.
upon us
Link to the study:
“Reading a newspaper means we have to process information through words, which enables us to assess the risks. But we are losing that common sense and our sense of commonality, which makes it more and more difficult to trust people.”
The image I've got it as freebie from Gina K designs blog a few weeks ago. I colored it with acuarelable pencils. I used blue and pink as I wanted to use non traditional colors. I also added some extrafine glitter to the ornament to make it a little bit sparkle.
Where the crook-bone men make war
THE dress: It is beautiful and simple. It is elegant and flattering. It flows and is perfectly my style. It has a beautiful back, a plunging neckline and falls to the floor. I will be myself on my wedding day(s). I will feel free, and I know I will be able to dance. I am excited.
All this Arabic markings crap. They all know they are swords. My source says that some flights will only make $20.00 (why they like carry on dogs) and this could cause many to not fly and hurt business.
Hi Loves,
Gruevski’s VMRO DPMNE submitted the draft for the new lustration law earlier this month, after the existing lustration law became ensnared in the Constitutional Court.
I went again with this oh so cute "Lemonade anyone?" stamp by Belles´n´Whistles. I love their stamps - and this not because I was chosen as one of their guest designers but because of the fact that they are so wonderful and detailed!
They both expressed how much they loved my class and how much I pushed them to work hard - I'm not know for being particuarly 'kind' when it come to working out ;)
that the world also knew to betray.
So I turned my focus to experience points. With the completion of each level, I calculated how many experience points to the next. I sought new avenues for gathering experience points.
In less than 5 months you'll turn 25! Can't stop dreaming of 'you at 25'! You're my inspiration to rebel today, you know?Rebel with a cause.
Thermal binding machines can make your work look like the type of hardcover or paperback books you see in bookstores which can really impress your colleagues and customers. If you don’t have a thermal binding machine but are interested in purchasing one, there are a few things you should look for as you’re shopping.
Anyway, once the plants were repotted I put them back in their original spot. Welcome to my garden, replete with George the Optimistic Gnome!
We are home for good: home-based and home for our own good.
How long before you call
(Lights out. They exit.)
I almost didn't tell this story because I worried it might embarras you someday, but then I remembered you're a boy so you'll love poop stories and probably think its really cool :)
He tells his manager to hurry and prepare to go back. “I need to go and confirm it!”
The result was complete disaster. The kingdom was divided as ten tribes of the twelve departed from Rehoboam, following rather Jeroboam forming the northern kingdom ofIsrael. I wonder if he ever had any remorse? The Biblical record does not say so. Rather he sought to make war against them.
The tiny nativity scene fits into its own matchbox, a wooden dove, felt mushroom, glass pebble magnet and bracelet (all made by Anne), a festive Phoenix card, a crocheted snowflake, chocolate coins and a mulled wine sachet. All lovely and all very much appreciated. Thank you once again Anne xx
Position a rack in the center of the oven and heat the oven to 375°F.
The U.S. has been largely away in its foreign and trade policy with Latin America. In the meantime, Iran and China have been increasing their influence over an involvement in Latin America through the leftist and left-leaning governments.
You are going to find that your mind becomes to get excited. It is doing exactly what it was created to do and no one is bitching about it any longer!!
One of the uniquely picturesque areas we wandered through is known as The Burren, a term derived from the Gaelic word boirreann, meaning “rocky place.” Aptly named, The Burren region is known for its limestone terrain. Some of the mountains are seemingly solid limestone, and outcroppings of limestone meander through the valleys. Yet, between the flows of stone, strong pasture grasses flourish in the soil. The wash of stone has been the source material for fences which traverse thousands of miles and have survived centuries of use.
zugzwang or zwischenzug
Each page is written individually around a primary search term, and due to the fact that this is both a strong page and domain, it’s likely to rank both for these core search terms and a long-tail of traffic (and with 12,000+ keywords on a page – that’s a very long tail!)
Frustration is soothed
The complaint stated that on March 21, Stein was notified by his commanding officer that he was recommended for discharge because of alleged misconduct, including statements made against the president.
I am going to bake you a retard cake and buy you a new helmet.
“With microRNA, after a heart attack you can simply convert some of the fibroblasts and tell them to become the right cell type and regenerate,” he said.
So talk to me and look for me,
Just because they were both muggleborn.’
4. Routinely ask yourself “Who am I?” It’s an endless rabbit hole. Am I my name? No, that is simply a word—I would be me, even without that name. Am I my job? No, at this point I’ve been through enough careers to know that this too does not define me. Am I those I am in relationship to? Perhaps…and certainly I am shaped by them. And yet, there does seem to be a consistent core that moves from relationship to relationship. Am I my ideas? To some extent, yet ive experienced enough of a fluidity to those to know that the underlying person seems to remain consistent in the face of those shifts. So no…etc…etc..etc.. You get the point. This is a powerful spiritual practice if you give yourself to it. Of course a very similar exercise is asking “Who is God?” Now there’s a terrifying question. Try coming to the end of that path.
I want to thank my gramma for the best... most fun week ever. I miss her so much.
But i first had to call the unemployment office to settle some question they had. And that call almost shattered me. It was so bad, for me,that i went back to bed. i do NOT want that dark depression to surround me...i will NOT give into it..and after a nice long nap, i do truly feel better. i guess i find that since being unemployed, my reaction to stressful situations is just really poor. i shut down. blech.
The next morning waking to pour coffee and do it all over again.
A story is in my head today that my dad told me years ago. There was once a minister in a rural parish who woke to see that there had been heavy snow. He at first assumed that no one would come but then decided (as Him Indoors has) that he should go to the church building just in case. His manse was next door to the church.
We have decided to sell Patches, just think how much money you will save in Busy Bones alone! We think we are genious and will soon create a business to assist other families in need.
Some product highlights are:
I have to say £3 rather sticks in my craw and makes me think whether I should have a half or a pint less than I really wanted. I also have to question whether I can justify paying that, or nearly that, in a Robinson’s or a pub company pub, when in the local area I can be paying £2.15 for Holts, £1.99 in Spoons or a mere £1.60 for Sam Smith’s. (Those are pre-budget prices, but they’re unlikely to be more than 10p higher now).
This month the lovely and very busy mamma Jac from Tinned Tomatoes and I have teamed up to bring you a double-headed challenge whammy... Random Recipes does No Crouton's Required!
Who are these people that he keeps talking about?
Avene Eau Thermale
That's part of the reason I haven't been blogging. Mostly I'm just lazy, but gardening has been taking up a lot of my time and energy.
This morning I had a young man of about twenty-five come up to me. He was tall, good looking, dressed casually in jeans and a ski jacket. I was a little startled by his first words. "I need to find a book that will teach me how not to be an asshole", he said bluntly. I must have looked a bit quizzical because he immediatly continued, "You see my girlfriend tells me I'm an asshole. She is threatening to leave me. My boss has told me something similar before and even friends. I know its true and I don't want to be that way, so I need a book. Can you suggest something? I don't know where to start."
To all the undeserving
Don’t tell me that it’s all a phase
Having decided on which flow was the most interesting and feasible to model, I will now take you on a whistle-stop tour of a dense pyroclastic flow deposit, from distal to proximal end.
He was driven about two miles to Corrib Avenue, in the Lenadoon area, where he was taken out of the car and shot twice, once in each leg.
This is the snowflake using the Lock Chain technique that was taught at the meeting.
Still, a book that size can't all be wrong, unless it's written by Quakers, and "Decline of the West" has its moments. Pseudomorphosis rather appeals to me - new, vigorous cultural growth cannot break out of the trappings of senile civilisation, and so turns on it with Oedipal fury.
Milk Stouts aren't actually brewed with milk, but rather milk sugar (lactose). Unlike most sugars, however, lactose can't be broken down by beer yeast, and remains unfermented, as calories and carbohydrates. It gives the beer a unique sweetness and silkiness on the tongue that does in fact suggest milk. Snow Plow is sweet and creamy, bordering on decadant, but there are hints of roasty malt and a breath of hop at the end. I have never found a person who liked beer but disliked Snow Plow.
Ilana asks whose grave it is.
2. France Chance
“Inside Story” provides lots of insights gleaned from Stott’s personal diary and notes, interviews with friends and careful conversation. In fewer than 300 pages Steer has managed a distillation of 90 years and 50 books. He combines biography and bibliography!
What makes marriage work—and what destroys it
Now ladies, you can stop that chuckling and stone throwing and think back to your first time---come on, who took charge.
My name is Dana Frerich and I am a graduate student in the School of Education at the University of Colorado Denver. I am studying for a degree in School Library and am currently working on a research project for my required research course. I am looking for subjects to complete a survey that will help answer the following research question:
Lately I've been working on a few simple drawings in a series of my favorite things.
John Safran’s Race Relations – The best Australian show of the year. The more of John Safran you’ve seen the more you’ll appreciate this incredibly personal, incredibly honest, incredibly funny romp into the romantic mind of the Safran. The show shouldn’t really have been pitched as John Safran exploring how interracial, interfaith couples cope with each other and should have just come out and said that the show was all about John Safran being Jewish and being in love with Eurasians.
He always does.
But the most explosive allegation in the news story comes from former Democratic congressman Patrick Kennedy, son of the late Ted Kenney, who calls what the Obama White House is doing "quid pro quo."
Freedom was not handed to the Danes on a silver platter by a benevolent king, church or elite. Brave pioneers had to fight for every concession — often at a high personal cost.
Alan Clark : keyboards
They come in two sizes, so with five covers in each size, it's about $130 for birth to potty training for just the covers. BUT, two sizes means less wear and tear on each cover if you're going to be using them for multiple children -- and if you have babies close together, you'd need to buy extra covers if you're using a one-size cover, anyway.
Historical Drift: Must My Church Die may need to be read by those who choose to change some priorities of their ministry.
There was silence. Not a word. They seemed to be glued to their chairs.
Then, like a bucket of cold water, reality reared its ugly head.
The folding of fact into fiction produced a Mormon-style "Davinci Code" -- so plausible, some readers might wonder where history ends and imagination takes wing.
_Yukiko Yamashita, 39, Ann Arbor, Mich. University of Michigan Medical School assistant professor and developmental biologist studying stem cell division.
The link between mental health problems and violent behaviour. Excellent article from Nursing Times. http://www.nursingtimes.net/nursing-practice-clinical-research/the-link-between-mental-health-problems-and-violent-behaviour/204481.article
By covering every base, we ensure the next teen party doesn’t end in tears.
Neesa just stared out into space, taking in the view. She was mesmerized by the form of the Basestars, like sleek and monstrous starfish, the streaking plumes of hundreds of missiles, the explosions all about her...a symphony of destruction. Something in her found the terrible site to be satisfying.
As you can see, my lashes are pretty much the albino type ;P Very light and the lightest part is at the roots, where it's hard on get mascara on them. But now on to the after pics! After letting the dye sit for 30 minutes and washing it off, this is what I got:
I don't think I could be more proud of this - every day I walk outside and can't even remember what it looked like before, or why there even was a before. Why would you NOT have an amazing patio like this?!
Deputy Richard Boyd Barrett: ￼ ￼ That is an appalling comment.
4. Let Me Drown
Life would be so different right now with Declan. In a year from this fall if I don't have another baby I won't have any kids at home during the day. How weird is that?! Not what I expected.
"we simply will not abide opposition or interference from the non-white hordes or their jew [sic] puppet masters."Turner recently weathered allegations that he was, in fact, an F.B.I. informant. He allegedly took money for turning in the names and addresses of potentially violent individuals. Turner denied these allegation. In a telephone interview, he laughed at the suggestion, and said it was simply a smear campaign directed against him because of his influence. But he acknowledged that the allegations hurt his standing among the suspicious, and often paranoid, community of white supremacists. It left a stain that may never wash off.
maybe this is it,
P - Patience. Still don't have much of it. Maybe I'm hopeless...
Summit Extra Pale Ale
Do you anticipate complete monkeys acquisition all this assistant business at all condescending?
In the process of reviewing each negative, assessing physical condition and date, I’ve seen (and indexed) a great many unusual images. When newspapers were more local in their production and coverage, there was a strikingly personal touch to the content. Between the 1930s and early-1950s, I started to take note of a few sensitively composed images of people writing, even indicating the pencil-writers in my spreadsheet index. This cast of characters is at school, at work, at home, and outside. Here are a few of the gems (from the '30s - '80s, so far) with hopes that you’ll find some encouragement to write your days and journeys. Enjoy the photographs which are little worlds that now visit ours, and enjoy the continuum in which each of us participate.
Bristol, 17/2/2012 13:47 ####…and you, as an ‘insider’ totally miss the point, or are being deliberately obtuse. The results, or final pay out if you will, were totally in the hands of those offering the product, not market forces. They are in the position of being able to influence things, by moving money around and paying themselves huge dividends to the extent that the funds in question generate little if any interest, just sufficient to keep on going, then blaming poor market performance for the poor results. Lawyers and bankers are of the same mould – parasites.
The next thing is to discover why we get fog so I can set the month. I’m building a tower, designing a room, a man and his mother. The skeleton was created about five or six years ago so it’s very exciting to finally see how tall he stands and how thick the muscle grows, bulking out this hulk. I’m also very interested to see how this theme works in the three very different sections of the novel. At the minute my head is planning to write each section as a kind of stand-alone story between 20-30k, and I’m diving back into this character first, hooking up the electricity to charge the story. Even though he is not the main character, he has to grab the reader and imprison them.
Allegra $7/1
Replace each of the irrational perfectaholic beliefs on your list, with a healthy, sane, empowering alternative. Write your new beliefs on a postcard and place it in plain sight wherever you create your work. Look at them often. Say them out loud. Repeat them. Chant them while walking. Visualize them. Integrate them into your life, until you believe the truth and see the lie of perfectionism for what it is… the devil that’s strangling your creativity and your success.
“Please, like you know what chest hair even looks like, Kumar,” scoffed Charlie. Truthfully, neither one of them really know what chest hair looked like, or why it was even there, it just sounded manly to them.
These days it’s not unusual to have many different projects—it’s how music works. It’s less that way in rock and roll, but it’s pretty common for drummers and percussionists and bass players who have versatility. It’s also necessary to make a living.
Seeing his mother and the other women, his near and dear ones at the foot of the cross PIQUES Jesus to state a PROFOUND FACT and exposit a PROVISION of MAGNITUDE proportions and say the THIRD saying on the cross. Woman, Behold thy son! Behold thy mother!
1 pkg (8oz) cream cheese, cubed
such a boy!
Writers, as a group we are neurotic at best. We always ask ourselves why one book is doing better than another. We seem to become obsessed with numbers out of the blue and without a doubt the notebook we carry around always looks like it has been put through the wash and dried in the sun. We watch the world and see characters in our books. We see traits, like the way a person walks or talks as part of a character we create. For the most part, we are observers of the most basic human things that make us human. No matter the genre, we are without a doubt the neurotic observers of life.
They have been a handful to care for! Feeding and watering twice a day, changing their litter, plus all my other animal and people chores meant I fell asleep as soon as I was done eating dinner, at 8:30. It’s a good thing most of them won’t be around for very long, the 16 meat birds will be ready for the freezer in 2 months. The 10 egg-layers are going to be the only permanent residents. Here’s some pics of the little darlings. They’ve grown amazingly fast just in the first week.
If Irans pipeline project (IPI) becomes more viable and the Nations involved withdraw from the Wests (TAPI) project, because of the volatility of Afghanistan, then it will be highly likely that the West will go to War once again. This time with Iran !
That’s negotiable I once made an omelet that my kid wouldn’t eat and when we put it on the floor the dog backed away from it.
Staring at your various body parts may or may not sound like your idea of a good time. In fact, you very well may be thinking to yourself, "Tolly is just a little bit weirder than I previously thought."
It's not what we thought, or even hoped. Why couldn't it be a stupid infected in grown hair like I thought? The doctor came in and said that dreaded five letter word, tumor.
The kids loved it. Being with gammy and papa is the best, especially when gammy takes you shopping and gives you your first real mani/pedi.
Doesn’t it just sum him up? All twenty-two years of him, from these early, blunt Keystone days to the almost post-comic icon he became for United Artists. Always odd, always outside, and always there: drawing our eyes from the centre of life to the periphery.
I haven’t shopped in LUSH since I was 13, (8 years ago!) the reasons for this being 1) living nowhere near a LUSH store and 2) never really feeling the need to buy freshly made products or responsibility sourced ingredients.
Just as I put the finishing touches on my previous post regarding the Alberta election campaign, a series of polls came out showing that the Wildrose Party had moved from being a strong second place challenger to the incumbent Progressive Conservatives (PCs) to being tied with them or even ahead. As the first week of the Alberta election campaign unfolds, we see that a full-fledged race between the PCs and Wildrose has emerged. The new polls by Campaign Research and Forum Research account for the changes to my Alberta election prediction, the state of which is above.
I first encountered modular storytelling as it was referenced in passing by comic writer Grant Morrison. I did some digging. Modular storytelling developed from analysis of narrative as it applies to video games. Since I love the Final Fantasy series, I’ll start there. The Final Fantasy series is renowned for great plots and compelling characters. However, being video games, these stories have an aspect of interactivity to them. There is a linear plot, but some installments in the series (VI, VII) have optional characters. These characters don’t advance the main plot, but they may add background information; they may add insight. To me, this is the real threat to books: interactive stories.
It's my eyes glued to the iphone that makes me miss the flicker of a soul orgasm flickering across a plain friend's face beautifying it beyond your imagination for a split second.
Think of it like this… some of us (from what spirit keeps repeating in my head is about 100,000 or so of us walking around on earth right now) have hybrid DNA within us. Direct from our star cluster/celestial daddy’s (and it is so much more than just Pleiadian energy, that just happens to be my genetic coding, there are many others.)
Happy 4th of July everyone!! So, I'm still around, but posting infrequently. Spent the past few days at the new house painting. I'm super excited and ready to get moved in, but we are still waiting on the floors to be installed. Go figure!
At our house, there is an ongoing rivalry about a highly important, life or death topic: Dessert Superiority. In a nutshell, the man of this house believes chocolate (dark) reigns supreme over all other forms of sweet treats. If (hypothetically) I were to offer to make dark chocolate cake, dark chocolate chip cookies, or brownies every single day, not only would he not object, but he would probably think he died and went to Dessert (and Perfect Wife) heaven.
I probably drove everyone crazy jumping around and ooohing and aaahing about plants, but hey.... it was a wildflower hike!
Me: Ethan. You need to tell me the truth. Did you pee in this?
Rnd 3) ch1, 2hdc in first st, hdc in next st, * 2hdc in next st, hdc in next st repeat from * around
Drum Solo
to keep practicing using that voice
You see, I'm a bit of a mint addict. Sure the lipbalm was shaped a little odd, but anything called Sweet Mint couldn't be that bad!
She calls out to House again. She walks toward the bedroom and spies House in bed, the sheets rumpled. She bends down and kisses house on the cheek and becomes startled. Dominika realizes House is dead. She clutches her belly and cries.
There we go easy as pie. YUMMM! I have the desire to make more pies with weird fruit combinations.
In person, Emin is slighter and prettier than photographs suggest. She has a gentle manner that at times borders on vulnerability, and she is incredibly soft-spoken, despite her Estuary accent. When I arrived at her house this afternoon, her first priority was to introduce me to her mother, who was sitting by the fire in an upstairs drawing room. As I leave and make my way out into the cold, I struggle to connect Emin’s past with the woman she is now. I can’t help but think that the kind of girl who makes a point of introducing you to her mother is exactly the kind you would want to introduce to your own.
Ahi Amarillo or Ahi Panko Paste (optional)
10 Bruno Spoerri - Glückskugel - The Race
But Genesis still had the hunger for experimental music, which led to the formation of his next long-term project, Psychic TV. From Mutant Sounds: "Psychic TV (sometimes spelt Psychick TV) or PTV, is primarily an electronic music group that occasionally forays into psychedelic, punk and experimental music. The band was formed by performance artist Genesis P-Orridge and video director Peter Christopherson (after the break up of Throbbing Gristle) with Alex Fergusson, musician and producer (a key member of Alternative TV for whom Genesis had played percussion).
Thomson, the first UK 787 operator, has announced its first 787 routes to Cancun in Mexico and Sanford in Florida. It is allowing the whole country to enjoy the flights, flying from not one, but four UK airports, Gatwick, East Midlands, Manchester and Glasgow. Thomson have got some great things planned for the plane including new bespoke seating specially for 787. With Thomson boasting economy seating of at least 33″ it’d be interesting to see if this is the most spacious economy seating so far on the 787.
6) How to create the hook to get people to read it. How to make it interesting.
Using fabric diapers with separate waterproof covers tend to be cheaper, since the diapers cost as little as $2 (or even less -- though some options can be quite pricey) and the average price of a cover is $8-14. You need 18-36 diapers, but only 4-6 covers -- once again assuming 2-3 days between washings. There is more work involved with this system, since you will be folding/stuffing the diapers, placing them on your baby, and then putting on the waterproof cover. However, you can choose your level of difficulty depending on what you buy. You can cloth diaper with this method for as little as $100, or possibly even less.
I also have three keys that are keycards to slide through a reading mechanism. Two keys are circuits. I have tried each of them in turn, when I find locks that seem compatible. So far though, none of them have unlocked anything. I remain here in the hallway, searching for a way out, or a way in. I’m never really sure which it is. Still, I move on. The hallway itself is the only thing left to me, that and the doors, the locks and the seventeen keys.
Pink Crocheted Ribbon - American Crafts
The four other arrested men came from Stoke-on-Trent in central England -- Nazam Hussain aged 25, 19-year old Usman Khan, 26-year old Mohibur Rahman and Abul Bosher Mohammed Shahjahan, also aged 26.
Two challenges helped me pull it all together and I ended up with a Valentine's Day card for hubby.
I could've taken pictures all day but I could tell by the looks of the employees that my time was up.
The Boys Tennis Team raised their overall record to 10-2 and 5-1 in the WSC with a 5-0 win over Elyria Catholic at home last night. The boys will finish the WSC Championship on Thursday at T-City Courts in Rocky River.
A few of the cheese heads in my neighborhood decided that a Monday night cheese meeting was in order. Cheese is a good excuse to get together and compare and share our favorite cheeses.
Web site: www.thomson-networks.com
Another interesting perk to working at NORTH is that the employees are welcome to bring their dogs into the office whenever they want. Richardson states, “If I know I’m going to have a particularly stressful day, I bring my dog into work…if I feel overwhelmed I look down at him looking up at me and I feel ok.” This is so cool! Being a dog lover, I thoroughly appreciate the fact that they can bring their dogs to work!
Yes, it is for many Scots, unemployment is rising, businesses are closing down and it is getting harder to survive in SNP 'skintland'.
__
Today and tomorrow I will be on the currently awkwardly named WLAP Afternoon Show from 3-6 pm as the station tries to find a replacement for the departed Leland Conway. You never know, that replacement could end up being me, although it was a bit of a shock this morning to re-engage with pages of the newspaper that don’t say “SPORTS” in big letters at the top.
David M. Ketchmark, Acting United States Attorney for the Western District of Missouri, announced the sentence. Assistant U.S. Attorney James J. Kelleher, Western District of Missouri, successfully prosecuted the case.
my life is richer for the experience. Whether you have been with me
Here's a little preview of our reaction Saturday morning...
She's my girl, and there could never be another like her. I could never get tired of looking at her soft curves, or hearing her sweet voice. I glance at others, but they don't tempt me. Nothing else could feel so right, or respond to my touch the way she does.
I am having the best day!
But in NYC, neighborhood delis and drugstores have virtual captive audiences - most residents will shop at the most convenient location to their home or office. Add competitive pricing and late hours to the mix and you can see why service is overlooked.
I’ve been thinking recently about the “insignificant-due-to-survival” effect. I can’t help but feel that now that all is said and done, and the transplant was successful, everything that I’ve been through (my bipolar diagnosis to which there is no cure, my cancer treatment, my rehabilitation and recovery) is “not that big a deal” because I survived. As if really, I’m okay today, so how bad could it really have been? What one experiences gives you so much character and nobody will ever fully know to what extent you innately comprehend and empathize with others, which is a great deal. Your experiences give you an understanding that the majority doesn’t share. It’s a blessing and a curse. I ponder sometimes, if ignorance really is bliss. I’m sorry for those who feel diminished in comparison to others’ experiences. Our experiences make us so uniquely individual yet so universally relevant.
We’re here to shine God’s love, share the gospel, provide hope through faith in God. But God doesn’t promise we won’t suffer. So we suffer with our Japanese friends. And God suffers with us all. As one of the speakers shared yesterday, we can’t always be with someone while we’re suffering, but God is ALWAYS with us! He showed us comfort by sending His son to the cross for us; redeeming us. Death is not the end for Christians.
1 procreative
the point, common sense breaks down at the quantum level, things are
If you go fully traditional (and I don’t mean simply style, but in terms of reaching out primarily to the already convinced), you will reach a narrow segment of Believers. But if you go with a full Mars Hill approach – not merely polish and veneer, but all the way as the apostle Paul did in Acts 17 – you reach the largest segment of the already convinced as well. I’ve been watching this carefully, not just at Meck, but in churches around the world. The more you speak directly into the heart of culture, the more you reach both believer and explorer.
According to NYTimes.com, for Manchester City, there was no added pressure at all. Responding to a Ferguson statement where he called the match “the derby of all derby games,” Mancini didn’t bend to his manipulation and said, “We don’t have pressure; we don’t have anything to lose.” Mancini was merely taking it all in stride, while Ferguson was stressing the importance of the game, which could have easily increased the players’ anxiety. Truthfully, the game was a must-win situation for both teams because it may be the deciding factor to a title, but Mancini didn’t want to add any unneeded pressure. The pressures of their own crowd and the media hype would be enough and the players didn’t need anymore from their coach. This tactic seemed to pay off and even after The Manchester Evening News told both sets of players that they will be “legends or losers,” Man City had the upper hand for nearly the entire game. Maybe it was because of their home crowd (and the fact that they are 17-0-1 at home) or maybe it was because Mancini didn’t let the outlying pressures get to him or his players, but Manchester City outplayed Manchester United and after “the most seismic local tear-up in the history of English football,” they are in place to win their first Premier League championship since 1968.
Prindiville has nearly 30 years of leadership and teaching experience in the Wisconsin Technical College System and is respected for her work with area business and education leaders to facilitate increased interaction between technical colleges and communities.
Prologue: if you haven't read previous adventures of Percival St. Croix, start with the first short story, The Crucible of Thoth before discovering the Hand of Justice.
**I made 90 squares for this lap size blanket. You can use any color combination you want. You can change colors to make rows, or you can make all of the squares the same color. It's all up to you and your creativity! :)**
I ate delicious Italian and the Japanese food. The Swedes rather disregarded their own cuisine, except the cakes of course. The following conversation occurred on several occasions.
Option #5: ??? What do you suggest?
Dido
Spoon mixture into a piping bag and pip it into rounds on a prepare baking sheet (on parchment paper).
Our old friend Terrence is once again a sad and withered shadow of his former self, with a tendency to lurk in the corner of the living room (behind a pile of crap, natch), grunting and muttering to himself about his former glories and the merry killing sprees in which he used to indulge.
On Saturday I felt like I was at big-kid-camp. We gathered around the flames, sipping our coffee and chatting while the eggs sizzled. We mowed that food as if dinner were a vague, far-off dream.
Scandal upon scandal, nightmare upon nightmare, disgrace upon disgrace: there is seemingly no end to the depths and degradations to which nationalism is being dragged by Nick Griffin—and the time has come for him to step down for the good of the cause.
I'm sorry? Kids will ENJOY hearing this?
I did think the change of Yoda from hand puppet to CGI was welcome . Though it remains to be seen whether this happens in the original films! Stop tinkering George!
How were they to find a replacement? Who could qualify? Of the 120 who were present, there were two who had followed the Lord during the entire three years of His ministry. They were Matthias and Barsabas. However, they needed only one and that is why they were so concerned about it.
cardigan- target
Paper: always artichoke, lucky limeaid, whisper white ballet blue, Michaels paper
Q1: Some people claim Australia is becoming a ‘nanny state’ where there is too much government intervention and control in people’s day to day lives. Do you agree or disagree that Australia is becoming a ‘nanny state’?
“That’s right,” said the clerk. “We mark all of our herbs with both names, if we know them. We have quite a few customers that don’t know the official names of the herbs, just the folk ones. Which one are you looking for?”
My mind is not in a very good place on the friendship scale. Of late, several friends--or women I thought were friends--revealed themselves to be manipulators who availed themselves to my good nature, helpfulness, compassion, then cut me loose when my utility to them had run its course. In short, they used me.
But here’s the thing. I think they got it right.
Often in the energy industry you may be working off a form model contract agreement. For instance these are in use in the North Sea (CRINE contracts). Generally these are focused on managing risks between owners, operators and service companies. But has your compliance group weighed in with this form of agreement’s implications under both the FCPA and Bribery Act? Similarly, in the post-Macondo world, the areas of legal risk are more carefully scrutinized but what about the vendor or sub-vendor that you are required to use; can you manage this risk through an indemnity with the party which required your company to retain such a vendor? Lastly, how robust is your indemnity agreement with regard to compliance? Did you consider such a clause in your agreement? If you are the Contractor, did you give an unlimited indemnity and what are the potential financial implications if a FCPA violation is alleged or an investigation ensues?
Winston is going to be a big boy, he is most likely a Grayhound German Shephard mix. He is so sweet.
The sun will soon be shining
He poured orange liquid into a glass and held it out to her. “Come join me. I would like to hear about your life.” When she accepted the drink, he rested his hand on her back to lead her to his sofa. “I want to learn how to be a…dad.”
Here is Day 1.
Now, back to our program…
BF: This is the Odessa group. The Nazi group. The one that was trying to set up a fascist world government – a Fourth Reich.
K: Yes. And look how few indictments were served in the end. It would have been the same without Goldstone.
a good night's sleep.
50 Red MINI Round Brads (brads are packaged in an adornments case)
It was getting dark and there was no sign of the rain stopping. He boiled some eggs and made himself a huge mug of coffee.
Eat whatever, whenver they want, because I'm that dad.
The Frederick County Art Association's exhibit begins the year at the local art center, and I am entering the Alaska oil landscape that I've posted here last July...it was finally dry and ready for entry.
“I went to the Court for another Clearviewing, but fatigue got the better of me. I managed to tie the knot, but I was nothingness by the time you came.” As Rel spoke, he watched Dora’s lips thin with a sinking heart.
Thanks for the advice on Nora’s clogged tear ducts! The breastmilk seemed to do a great job at keeping the crusties away! We did get a prescription for some eye medicine too. Hopefully it will be minimal tomorrow — or gone!!
Something else also impressed me….
“We don’t just want solidarity (from white people) – we want action” – Galiwinku elder
Monica: “I want to get involved in my community, because I think our community affects us just as much as we affect it.”
Then yesterday we finally got the presents under the tree. Just in time for Daddy to come home.
When all the bravado are made
There are two million people in the UK who have an illness or injury caused by their work, the vast majority of which could have been prevented had their employer taken the correct safety precautions.
They're actually two songs, but same reason.
But it doesn't!
APRIL: Active and dynamic. Decisive and hasty but tends to regret. Attractive and affectionate to oneself. Strong mentality. Loves attention. Diplomatic. Consoling, friendly and solves people’s problems. Brave and fearless. Adventurous. Loving and caring. Suave and generous. Emotional. Aggressive. Hasty. Good memory. Moving. Motivates oneself and others. Sickness usually of the head and chest. Sexy in a way that only their lover can see.
What do we get from this? Well apart from an easing of the pain of choice (which I'll come back to), we get some real positive value from the branding effort. Not in the sense that these positioned products are better, but the branding itself can be valuable. We can use the product we've chosen to send signals about ourselves - sometimes to ourselves.
The issue of trust is raised without being asking.
Hope everything is good for you!
One of the Jena Six students has been released on bail prior to his trial as a juvenile. Plus One
Which makes me think advertising is an industry where about a hundred deeply uncreative people sit in an airless meeting room insisting that they know what should be in their ad (which after all, they're paying for right?), overwhelm the account handlers with a combination of weight of numbers and sheer obdurate bloody-mindedness so that Jeremy Craigen has to wave through a lame headline ad with a look of mingled regret and resignation that seems to speak volumes about the state of our industry as a whole, but might just as well be his hangover.
Being, yet creating;
American Psycho is a crazed psychological descent into a giant black void that is filled with immense entertainment values. You can indulge yourself in Bateman’s over-the-top manic madness, or get completely freaked out by it – or both. Whatever the case, director Mary Harron delivered a massively unique and fascinating adaptation of Bret Easton Ellis’ novel. It gave Christian Bale what was most likely his breakout role. I absolutely love this film, and if that means I’m a bit strange, then I find that to be nothing new. I give American Psycho a perfect score and my strongest recommendation to whoever feels this is for them.
The rules are simple~every time you post a comment your name is placed into the garden pot. And, the more you post, the more chances you have to win...I'm feeling generous for being so tardy in my sewing-LOL!
People think enough of this place to ruin the paint jobs on their cars. I have also heard a few people expressing a desire to try 4 Rivers, saying they've heard it's excellent.
I'm not one of the cool kids on Google+ so far, so technically it doesn't affect me, but if Google were to extend their policy to all Google products, like Blogger, YouTube, Gmail, etc that I use all the time, then I would have to stop using them all. Why? I need to be anonymous. Right now, I work with kids. Now, I have never even had the remotest stray thought of doing anything inappropriate with a child, and I'm sure none of their parents have anything but the utmost respect for the job I do with their kids. In fact, most are quite friendly with me. And yet, because it is still a fairly conservative place, I'm 99% certain that if I were known to be transsexual, I would no longer be able to coach in youth sports, at least not in this town. Even worse, and I've blogged this just recently, it would also have an impact of how my friends and family may be perceived and potentially their employment or social structures would also be affected.
Graham cracker crust
Hell everyone-
Maybe I should stick around for a showing. I could walk around and complain about the repairs that were never made and how high the rent already is (hundreds less than the current asking price, mind you). Perhaps the potential tenants would like to hear about the hoodlums that hang out in the back alley or the drug dealer next door? Those are surely selling points for a $2400 crap hole apartment. Or maybe I should just kindly suggest that the interested renters should buy a place somewhere they can actually have a parking spot and pets, since they’re basically paying a mortgage at that price. And if that’s not enough, I can throw in a disclaimer about the drive-by shootings just outside and the aroma of deep fried chicken that fills your house from the Popeye’s down the street.
When I went to Florida my friend Michelle had got some wonderful stamps with her and also taught me the way to stamp properly on paper. I loved some of her stamps so much - especially this one by Krafting Kimmy that I had to get some for myself along with Sugar Nelly stamps.
Dullness of surroundings translates to dullness of the spirit, and the Seed Cathedral is an triumph of enlivening the nature, and material of architectural forms. It is possible that separation from or a tendency to exert dominance over nature alienates the human capacity to honour and nature it. Deleuzean ideas relating to the concept of the Fold is significant because it encourages designers and spectators to consider architecture as biological blocs of sensation. As Heatherwick’s approach to architecture grants the public with a lively spectacular structure, such is the result of thinking of architecture through other priorities. With such concepts in mind, relations between geography, buildings and the audience are calibrated, and could invariably influence possible designs. The Seed Cathedral, whether or not directly tied into Deleuzean ideas at the time of conception, reveals this favoring of conceptual architecture.
In other words, it's the Sad American Scholastic System once again talking out of both sides of its mouth. I hope that, some day, it decides what it wants to be when it grows up and acts accordingly. And if the people responsible for running this system into the ground were themselves the recipients of a liberal arts education, then perhaps a new, practical, application-based set of standards is in order. There are a lot of dedicated and excellent people working in this sytem and on these problems; I just hope they can stick with it long enough to make some progress.
I used to be fanatical about blogging every day and get sharp pangs of guilt if I didn't reply to each and every comment promptly. Now, I blog three days a week and although I do try my best to get around to everyone quickly, well . . . I don't always manage it. But that's okay, because I've come to the conclusion that blogging should be fun. I love popping around and visiting the people who've become my friends; seeing what they're up to. I blog because I want to, not because I think it will help me sell a zillion trillion books.
It is a bit like the view of the late comedian Malcolm Hardee, who had little time for jugglers because he saw juggling as a skill not a talent. If the average person practised eight hours per day, five days per week for two years, they could probably become a good juggler because it is a skill you can learn. But being a stand-up comic is a talent. If you are not funny, no amount of practice will ever make you truly, truly talented.
We carried the Mk 48 ADCAP (for advanced capability) torpedo. It is a devastating weapon against both surface ships and submarines. We launch the torpedo to intercept the target like a hunter leads a duck. In addition, the torpedo has its own sonar system, looking for the target for a precise intercept. Not only that, but the torpedo streams a wire behind it that stays connected to the submarine. This way we could see what the torpedo was seeing and redirect the torpedo, sending steering orders down the wire, if necessary.
Then many years later, during my prayer time, the Lord spoke to my heart in a still small voice and said, “Linda, you are that pearl and I gave up everything to purchase you.” During the past week, each time I think about Grace Renee, the Lord reminds me of the pearl of great price. Again, the Lord has spoken to me, “I’ve brought my magnificent pearl, Grace Renee, home.
1. Lalala... Roll out some gum paste to the usual transparent-ish, chomp out some petals with a cutter.
received an email offering me a spot in the graduate diploma. I was torn, I thought I had
So why would I call it a dilemma? I hate the fact that so many can be influenced by this… LOOK AT JOAKIM NOAH BELOW: ….NO TATTOOS!!!I And I vow to pray about this entire tattoo dilemma. Please join me.
Maintenance is a life-long process designed to prevent the tendency to relapse into old patterns of thinking, feeling, and acting that can set the stage for a relapse to addictive use. The first task of maintenance is maintaining a recovery program that promotes prompt identification and management of problems. Next is a policy of effective day-to-day coping. People in maintenance are not free from problems, but they have learned how to manage problems efficiently without having to resort to alcohol or drugs. One AA member put it this way. “I measure my recovery not by how many problems I have, but by how well I manage the problems that I do have.” The next task is continued growth and development. The human mind, when free from alcohol or drugs, is designed to seek truth. Human beings continue to grow and change from the time we are conceived until the time we die. We are not free to choose whether we grow and change, we are only free to choose the direction of that growth and change. Addiction creates the innate tendency to grow in negative and self-destructive ways. For most recovering people positive growth and change requires constant attention to the details of life and living. To stay sober for a lifetime requires effective coping with life transitions and complicating factors. All people move through different periods of adult development that present different problems and challenges. In late recovery, people develop a sense of what normal adult development is all about and anticipate the changes they will undergo, as they grow older. They learn to accept each progressive stage of maturity with a sense of serenity. They surrender gracefully the ways of youth while embracing the ways of maturity.
*I* know what records I have in my pipeline for this series; if you have suggestions please leave a comment! It's entirely possible your suggestion will trump something on my list.
(This recipe is intended for a 25cm ring mould, so half the quantities if you plan on doing a smaller cake like mine. Or, cook two!)
Practice daily cleansing of your auric field and chakra systems. Doing a cleanse in the shower each morning is a perfect way to start each day. Knowing where your energy field is at all times is important. Set it consciously. If you are encountering a lot other people from all walks of life during your day, bring it closer to your body. This lessens what you pick up from others. If you are going somewhere where you want to be tuned into everything, make it larger. Remember to clear it when you are done to not carry around so much of stuff that belongs to others. Do regular clearing meditations to release any cords we have with others, or they have with us. These are a few tips that can make a difference in how you experience the world. Find groups of like minded and like energy people to hang out with, at least a few times a month. Find a support group who is on a similar path to your own. Know we will always be on different paths while we are still climbing the same mountain.
Soft yet chewy and creamy...
If you're not sure what that is, it's an unhappy Mac. No chime at start up, no nothing. It couldn't find the hard drive. Like it wasn't even in the machine.
Second of all, though, this is kind of a good point. With the Lich King dead, that should free up a whole lot of Scourge up in Northrend – how did Sylvanas put it that time? “Found themselves unemployed”? And say what you want about Sylvanas, but she’s definitely got enough charisma to get those stray Scourge onto our side. Obviously it worked out with the val’kyr, so I don’t know why she couldn’t do the same thing with the vargul or for that matter even all the zombies and geists and abominations. The funny thing is, it’s not even like all those Scourge have been running around loose since the Lich King’s been dead. I don’t know if they just don’t know what to do with themselves now, or if there’s something else going on, but you would think they’d be primed for somebody like Sylvanas to come along and snap them up.
Am I he who, on museum steps, sleeps on his side?
I loved this Vivienne Westwood dress, which made me a little nervous because Rose Byrne is known for wearing some really strange things. However, I think this sparkly black dress is perfect on her. I love dresses with that column shape, and again the one shoulder detail makes her look tall rather than lopsided. The fabric is sparkly enough to make a strong impression instead of making you wonder whether she's put on a very comfortable trash bag for the evening.
It was green.
My grandchildren, like all kids, have unique little personalities, and I have "Grammie names" for each of them. Here's the youngest, Connor, helping me sand:
And the winner will be announced next Tuesday.
As you know, I have mentioned Dean a few times to you. He’s the one that met me in Memphis in Aug to film. I so appreciate your encouragement about a book. It is something I’d love to do later on as well. You would not believe how may people that have written me that were adopted too. They have searched for their own truths. They really understand what I have gone thru to get to this point. When we can talk on gmail chat, I’ll tell you some more info and I think you will understand a tad bit better what has been the driving forces behind my search for the truth of my existence.
Since 2001 Bára and Chris have performed and taught at festivals, concerts, summer schools and on radio and TV in Belgium, China, Eire, Hungary, Netherlands and the USA as well as throughout Iceland and Britain. In 2009 they started the first degree level course on Icelandic traditional music at the Icelandic Academy of the Arts.
"No, the car dealer should have told you that."
So I have an emergency stash. Tonight for example my daughter and I are having pre-made chicken schnitzels I got at the supermarket deli, add some cooked pasta (for her) and salad and some cooked veggies (for me) and it's a quick meal. At $3 for 2 schnitzels on sale it is also a whole lot cheaper than take out and we are eating veggies and salad.
(this can be redone later if it does not stay curled)
Also beacause of modern technology, we have become more aware of natural threats like massive solar flares and asteroids.
The worship pastor must care that people have an understanding of why we worship and not just how we worship; the worship pastor must carry the heart of the church and its leadership tenderly with great respect and unyielding support. The worship pastor must love the team and their families more for who they are and their journey in Christ than for what they do for the church.
Chapter 19
and a stain of ocean
What cards will help me win.
Then when digital came around, I OCRed it (ugh) gave it an update and published it as Just Kate. This is the far superior book. I'm smarter now than I was then, a much better writer.
The full schedule of happenings – and there are many more – as well as prices and ticket information are all at winterfestival.net.
When I finally sank my teeth into my first peach (yes, here in the USA, about 12 yrs ago) I was surprised at how soft the peach flesh was. The heady scent, the sweet juice, so unlike what I'd imagined. It was love at first bite!
The moment you go out onto the street you are at a disadvantage and that’s simply a fact. If there are designated bicycle lanes in your town, USE THEM EXCLUSIVELY. Particularly if you are riding with children.
The papers devote pages to the drugged and drunken antics of “celebs” and footballers while the celeb magazines and radio stations promote those who have degraded themselves on Reality TV shows. They show them leaving night clubs drunk and question whether they are wearing knickers or not. The people who make these programmes and write the magazines are educated and intelligent people so they know what they are doing to our young people.
How now, my lord of Worcester?
Arena 19 – Truth be told, I have not watched either of these shows yet, so I know nothing about who they are or how they are going to fare by the end of this one. Both of them have their series still airing. If I had to guess, I would think that the Mōretsu Pirates team would win, since they have been around longer; therefore, people would be more familiar of them. Upotte!! is pretty decent, so people may still be unsure as to who it is they are going to be faithful to. Mōretsu Pirates also has a popular voice actor in their arsenal , so this may be another factor to their victory.
The grinding stopped, but the quiet was worse.
I managed to get hold of an exceptionally patient woman called Patti who said kindly that the American navy cap was in the public domain and it wasn't in their authority to give permission anyway. I relayed all this to my boss but she insisted I ring Patti back and get written permission.
can remember.
Franklin goes on to describe from the inside the post-war building up of Covent Garden, in which he played a conspicuous part. Then a most important part of the book is concerned with the problems of the singer in preparing a major role. He takes the reader through two contrasting parts in his repertoire, Baron Ochs in Rosenkavalier, and Sarastro in The Magic Flute. He includes provocative comments about the standards of teaching singing in England, about singing operas in English, and about the historical reasons for the condition of professional music in Britain.
DH in the nursery with Logan while I am in recovery
"It lies with me!" cried the Queen of Maybe
14. Butch Walker And The Black Widows - The Spade
Even if you don't like coleslaw you should try it because my husband and daughter love this and still claim not to like coleslaw. We like it with pulled pork on buns (very American) and also as a side with oven fried chicken.
Another Unibrou selection. I'm feeling slightly tipsy at this point, so why not have a 9% Alcohol by volume beer. Dark mahogany color with a quickly dissipating tan head. I want you to take my review of Maudite, subtract the apple smell and increase the brown sugar flavor. 3 Stars.
3. We must avoid hypocrisy. As true believers we love to tell people about what the Bible says. But we must act out our own preaching in our own lives!
a few drops of tabasco sauce
Finally, after science and philosophy went their separate ways, philosophy began an exercise of largely excluding any sense of empiricism, realism, or other grounding in objective reality. Why should it? That’s what science is for, right? Unfortunately, this has led to questions of serious philosophical consequence that have precious nothing to do with reality. This tends to make philosophy seem relatively useless. But the thing to remember is that philosophy isn’t so much about what you can prove as it is how you can prove it. Philosophy is a process, and its body of knowledge is largely methodological. It doesn’t matter if philosophers argue about how many angels can dance on the head of a pin; it does matter how they argue about it.
Garlic bread
What do you enjoy most about your class?
Lis was kind enough to give me a lift to the Hollywood and Highland station so I could grab the train back to the hotel. We made a quick detour on the way: she took me to Miracle Mile! I told her about how I saw the movie Miracle Mile just before I left this most recent trip so she took me to the main area where they filmed. Even the restaurant is still in there, though it's no longer 24 hours, and we passed by the tar pits. Holy crap!
According to the Defence Industry Expo’s own website: (www.defenceandindustry.gov.au) the Australian Government plans to replace 80 percent of its “war fighting” assets by 2020. This constitutes an “investment” of $150bn of taxpayers money.
I almost cried when I realized what I'd done. Not because I felt like an idiot (even though I did), not because it meant I would be late getting home (because I was), but because I felt like it spoiled the weekend. After a bit of giggling with my mum, and a bit of a reality check I reminded myself that the weekend wasn't ruined and I'd have a good story for my blog. I really did have a wonderful weekend at home. I'm so thankful for all of the amazing people in my life.
Sized to fit standard shelves, stylish design to fit any décor
7. Liza Minnelli “Single Ladies (Put A Ring On It)”
I write this all now because I have been conflicted over using the word "pain". You're not supposed to say pain when you're in Hypnobirthing, you're supposed to use words like powerful and intense. Using the word pain invites the negative perception, thus the sensation, into your experience.
What further enunciates the interior/exterior relationship in the design is how the light source is hosted. The holes in the Heatherwick building actually fold to embrace or project light. In the daytime, light peers onto the building, creating a sensational illuminated interior. These individual optic rods are attached to the building through ports, which also serve as openings for light to come into the interior. These multiple ports become an assemblage of light sources. At nighttime, the interior is artificially lighted, omitting outward through those ports. The building’s singular light source projects out in multiple directions, and the Seed Cathedral glows. This interplay of light sources, light directions, and light experience coincides with the idea of the Fold, where the interior and the exterior are the same. Light transforms the building, depending on the availability of sources. This design may be a member of a new regime of light Deleuze uses baroque architecture to exemplify the Fold: the interior is autonomous, and the exterior is independent, but both in a way that each impact the other. This fits Deleuze’s theory of the Fold: the inside and outside are inseparable.
I'm trying my best to stay positive because I know that mindset is half the battle.
Pesto salmon with broccoli and dinner rolls
This all seems so true if you think about it. As women, we spend most of our lives wanting and yearning for our own Prince Charming. But do we ever really find him? Or do we find him only let him go because he doesn’t seem to match that perfect ideal guy?
“How come minority members of the House have not transitioned to the Senate the way you see white members transition?” King asked. “One of the answers is the districts they represent tend to be different from the state as a whole. They tend to represent urban districts with high minority populations.”
BrewDog will be at the GBBF this August but only after they adhered to certain concrete conditions.
Pre-race
All this aside, the most lasting impression that I got from the overall experience I feel is the most important one that we can learn from in the UK — and that’s the positive attitude. Glenn uses the word collegiate and I can’t think of a better term with which to describe the brewing community out there; people work together so closely, they care about what happens to their neighbouring brewery and they refuse to give in to any doom and gloom.
J.A. Beard likes to describe himself as a restless soul married to an equally restless soul. His two children are too young yet to discuss whether or not they are restless souls, but he’s betting on it. He likes to call himself the Pie Master, yet is too cowardly to prove his skills in an actual baking competition. So, really, he’s merely a Potential Pie Master.
It's deeply ingrained, this schooling paradigm. When even those who were damaged by school will take up its banner, it's not hard to understand how the system is able to perpetuate itself in spite of its well-documented shortcomings. It's a kind of Stockholm Syndrome, where the captives come to identify with their captors. Or domestic abuse, where the victim defends the abuser. Or maybe it's more like that old Ferengi line, "We don't want to end the exploitation, we want to become the exploiters."
Pita pizza with roasted garlic red sauce and fennel seed, Gardein chunks, black olives, Spanish onions, hot banana peppers, Cheddar Daiya.
Meanwhile, their place in the student trenches is taken by more Home-Counties Hillaries on a three-year stretch. It's like a First World War opera by Philip Glass - slight tweaks to the same theme, with some modulation but no development. And then you graduate.
http://video.barnesandnoble.com/DVD/Mister-Roberts/Henry-Fonda/e/12569736351/?itm=1&USRI=mr+roberts with Henry Fonda, James Cagney and William Powell. I love William Powell as Nick in The Thin Man series of movies http://video.barnesandnoble.com/DVD/The-Complete-Thin-Man-Collection/William-Powell/e/12569673991/?itm=2 with Myrna Loy. Some folks know this movie more for the canine star, Asta. Anyway, Powell plays the older philosophical doctor on a cargo ship during WWII in Mr. Roberts. Fonda, who plays Mr. Roberts, wants to be in the action but Cagney, the tyrannical captain, won't approve his transfer to another ship. It is a delightful movie and a nice way to end our anniversary.
Etsy is the jam...seriously. You can find really unique stuff on there and the prices are generally awesome. I constantly source artwork, pillows, lighting, rugs, accessories, and vintage furniture from Etsy sellers. Trust me, if you haven't already shopped Etsy, you should! If my recommendation alone isn't enough, then here is a mélange of some of my latest favorites in a little vignette to entice you further...
Having travelled from a liberal western world to diverse places, I can honestly say that, as a woman, I feel lucky and relieved that I was born in the west, in the UK and not in Pakistan or somewhere equally as oppressive for women.
Both Abdul Aziz and Wan Ahmad have responded to Saifuddin’s revelation, saying that they may have been registered as members decades ago but have remained inactive.
To be fair, is Ambassador Wayne’s plan any better? Isn’t $5 million a drop in the bucket compared to what the U.S. could do to help? Shouldn’t it be more to make up for so many lives lost in the fight over illicit drug markets and transportation routes?
Victory cannot be won, cannot be even imagined whilst money holds such power, whilst to speak threatens the livelihood of families, communities and indeed nations, certainly cowardice has play, I am as guilty as the next, I toil knowing the taxman laughs at my endeavours, I work long hours for little pay, toiling to pay the expenses of avaricious politicians and to make a home for a veritable army, a herd, a mass entering and changing all forever. Guilty I am, coward, I work to feed my own, to pay bills, to live, to support, yet never prosper, never achieve true freedom and gone to the ground another will simply take my place, take my place until my place, no my gene is gone, what does it matter then, merely a brown face on a labourers body, a different race, different kind, toiling for the few.
Check out Mark's article:
2. Add both sweet pepper slices and stir-fry for 1 minute.
Don’t be intimidated by the process of building a terrarium. Materials needed include a wide-mouth glass container, potting soil, small plants, pea gravel, and charcoal. For easy access, an apothecary jar with a glass top is a great choice. If your container does not have a lid, you can cover it with clear plastic wrap, a piece of Plexiglas or a sheet of glass. Leaving it open is another option, but watering needs will vary.
Hope all is well with you all.
So that's about it. I have a new resolve at the moment to not let myself become overwhelmed. And while I will honestly try to post great things everyday, forgive me if you see gaps now and again. I promise to never abandon you! :) I love all of my sweet readers and I really appreciate you for coming and reading about this little mommy's life. I love all of your comments, and I hope that we can stick it out together, it being life.
Name: Amber Alley Siepel
Off now to look at Christmas lights!
Lots of things have changed over the last 50 years...the Berlin wall has risen and fallen, the moon now has bootprints on it and the internet has changed the world in a way that could not have been foreseen in June 1961.
Isabel Dakyns was, until yesterday, a tutor and examiner at BPP, despite having been disciplined in February 2008 for failing to comply with a judgement ordering her to cough up nearly £50k. The Bar Standards Board decided that her behaviour was likely to bring the Bar into disrepute and suspended her for a whopping 30 months. Which failed to prevent BPP from employing her to train the barristers of tomorrow on, errr, professional ethics. At least there’s a pleasing irony to it.”
I’m calling a doctor first thing Monday morning for a consultation for a vasectomy reversal, and if that doesn’t work, there’s always adoption. I can’t think of anything better than a house full of children. They are life’s biggest blessing, after all.
Sunday: Potters Potluck @noon "All Are Welcome" bring your favorite dish
The products are AWESOME and so affordable and good for our planet and smell yummy....there has been no down side. I hope you will try some in your HOME, too! I'll be using up the Cascade and the wet floor wipes and then exclusively using the Shaklee Basic H2 on my floors, it's AMAZING! No haze or foot prints right after you clean.
When I was in school I had no interest in school work.� It was something that I needed to do to try to obtain high marks so I can go study more, blah blah blah.� I had no interest in history, reading, researching, occult, politics etc, but now something has happened.� I feel like I need to do something.� Anything.� But what?� The only thing I can really do is share information.� Share consciousness.� Weather you choose to read the information or choose to use it or not use it is entirely up to you.� I can’t just sit here and see injustice take a seat on the throne of justice.� Information is the most important way for people to make a decision, if that information is corrupt, the decision and the outcome of that corrupt information may have greater implications. Why would anyone want to distribute lies?� The main answer to that is money.� It is scary to see the implications of money and its capitalistic system.� The problem with going up against capitalism is that you automatically get labelled a socialist, communist and even unpatriotic.� We must remember that every story has 2 sides to it.� It is not wrong to explore both sides of the story.� I think what has happened now is that a lot of people are either 1) too distracted with life to care 2) authority scares them into thinking one side of the story is wrong and anyone who thinks otherwise is an enemy of state or 3) We just don’t care and we think “That’s life!”� Wrong.� This is NOT life.
The original game of Quidditch was substantially less physically exhausting, giving its magical advantages. “I always get asked, ‘How do you fly?’” Klump said with a laugh. Obviously, there is no flying, but players do run around the field on a broomstick.
Another noteworthy finding from his research are the generally below-average achievements of students with an Islamic background.
514210 Data processing services
CR: 20mph zones were presented as in the public interest. I was sceptical. But I did not oppose it as a pilot project.
So here goes.
It’s always interesting to hear the wild variety of anecdotes when it comes to the survivors of NDEs. With any consistent evidence for the survival of physical death, I anticipate some very fascinating angles taken in the Atheist vs. Theist debate circuit.
Field Day July 26: This is free for all attendees of either the beginners intensive or the main conference (including 3 meals). There will also be a day rate for others who wish to attend the field day only (TBA).
The Beeb really should put this into perpespective rather than be forced into censorship. There are some 60 million people in the UK and 5.68 million who watch Silent Witness.
Simone xx
This hem was then folded over to allow the only untangled piece of elastic I could get my mits on (Mon dieu! Must make time to discuss Mumma's craft space and the associated boundaries with my girl!) and sewn three quarters of the way around allowing an opening to thread the elastic through.
The great and prolific author Elmore Leonard created a list he dubbed "10 Rules of Writing."
Who miss their mothers.”
I have also gone for a bit of a different "look" in terms of colouring - a stronger more graphic look rather than shading with multiple pens - I just thought it worked better with the very simple line image and simple colour scheme of the papers.
While the pasta cooks, heat the milk in a small saucepan, but don't boil it. Melt 6 tablespoons of butter in a large (4-quart) pot and add the flour. Cook over low heat for 2 minutes, stirring with a whisk. While whisking, add the hot milk and cook for a minute or two more, until thickened and smooth. Off the heat, add the Gruyere, Cheddar, 1 tablespoon salt, pepper, and nutmeg. Add the cooked macaroni and stir well. Pour into a 3-quart baking dish.
These are routine tests that everyone should have. If your doctor orders these tests for you, it does not mean he or she thinks you have a health problem. Your doctor will also make sure you have all the shots you need.
Mr. Geiger, a white Evanston native who graduated from high school in 1970, acknowledged that, in those days, the main Y “did not have a very welcoming feel for blacks.”
10 Cabinet Secretaries Notebooks. The eleventh Notebook (CAB 195/11) (released August 2007) covers the period 3.12.52 - 26.2.54.
ADD 1/4 cup of batter to each muffin cup
I've made some crazy resolutions now.
Whilst I don't want the manner of his passing to overshadow his work apparently he took his own life which makes it all the more sad. You can read the whole story at Bleeding Cool
15-25 Mammoth ivory carving
The gypsy (called Lee as all soothsayers are)
VG: I have a copy to give away as a prize - can you think of a question to ask readers, and you choose the best reply, perhaps?
From Tai Chi to the Rowing Fisherman
I have been sending out warning signals
we go out the same
Specifically, under 35 U.S.C. § 363, the international filing date of a PCT application is also the U.S. filing date for the corresponding national stage application. 35 U.S.C. § 363 (1984); see also Manual of Patent Examining Procedure (MPEP) § 1893.03(b) (8th Ed. including May 2004 revisions) ("It should be borne in mind that the filing date of the international application is also the filing date for the national stage application."). Thus, the ’595 patent’s U.S. filing date is November 26, 1993, the filing date of the PCT application. Because the ’094 patent is entitled to priority back to the ’595 patent’s U.S. filing date, the ’094 patent’s priority date under 35 U.S.C. § 120 as well as its term calculation date under 35 U.S.C. § 154(a)(2) is at least November 26, 1993. In other words, the ’094 patent, which specifically references the ’595 patent and thus satisfies the requirements of 35 U.S.C. § 120 and 37 C.F.R. § 1.78(a), is entitled to effectively the same date as the original PCT
The project that creates the "supers" in my book is modeled on gruesome human experimentation that really took place. If the book is dark in places, that's because it's skirting the edges of real history. That said, "superhero" is a convenient shorthand to describe some of the characters in the novel--one I use myself, frequently--but it's actually somewhat misleading. What we really mean is that these characters have unnatural abilities. "Superhero" connotes a dogooder, but none of the characters fit that description. Likewise, there are no supervillains.
The system comes with a nice bulb that you can clean the system with. Only problem is, the bulb tube is BIGGER than the tube of the system. What does that mean? It means I have been prayed in the face many, many times. They now have an extra part you can put on your system that makes it to where you can stick the tube into the system just fine (see video for this). That attachment is worth buying.
Today if you hear God’s voice, harden not your heart! (Hebrews 3:8). God is willing to take our heart of stone and replace it with a heart of flesh (Ezekiel 11:19); one that is COMPLETE in its devotion to Christ Jesus and CLEANED – one of integrity. Is your/my heart, one of integrity?
Apparently she doesn't read the rest of the Globe & Mail ... or pay attention to what is going on around her either. Me, I would think that someone paid to write opinion columns for a major national newspaper should have a clue about what the current government is doing, for example... but hey, what do I know... I obviously missed the memo.
The negative side of the 4 can prove dogmatic to an excess, narrow-minded, and repressive. Skin-deep people turn you off, and you lack the tact to keep your feelings from showing to those in your sphere of influence. Additionally, the negative 4 has a tendency to get so caught up in the daily routine of affairs that they can miss the big picture and subsequently forfeit major opportunities that come along.
I know, I know - I should go to some fancy schmancy place to get my eyebrows waxed. I also should get my hair dyed by a professional, but somehow - despite the best on intentions - I always end up with a box of dye and crazy Dexter-inspired gloves doing contortion-style moves in my mirror to make sure I don't miss any spots. Sometimes if I have extra cash I'll go to the Brow Bar at Ulta and spend $25. But usually by the time I get a chance to go anywhere I'm starting to resemble Chewbaca and need to go to the nearest salon STAT before my eyebrow hair interferes with my vision. Today was one of those Chewbaca days. And evidently, not just for my eyebrows.
2010.08.26 Somalia Mogadishu 14 8 Fourteen Somalis are shredded by two al-Shabaab bomb blasts.
I saw this house on Traditional Home online and wow....I want to have this life, I want a white Christmas in Connecticut and sit in front of roaring fires and I even want their dogs!!!
DW: I think if I was not a hockey player, I would be a farmer. I spend a lot of time on my girlfriend’s farm and I like the lifestyle. I’m more of a laid back, simple life kind of guy.
Many of you have just participated in meditation and other forms of acknowledgement concerning the Summer Solstice. It has been heart-warming for us to see your response, and it is a measure of how seriously you take your responsibilities as Lightworkers. These occasions are more meaningful when you join in, and the result is that the level of Light on Earth is lifted up yet again. You are forcing the dark Ones to withdraw and cease their pointless efforts to stop progress. They remain a nuisance and we are stepping up our plan to remove them. We treat them with love and understanding as we do not judge or condemn, as that would not be helpful if they are to be converted to the Light once again. Love alone is the great power that cannot be repelled and will soften the hardest hearts. Our wish is to see every human soul rise up, even if they are unable to achieve it this time around. No soul is discarded or damned forever, and will at some stage return to the Source as a Godspark.
So then, the question begs… Just when are the supposed conservatives, who are begging for our votes, going to stop the circular political sideshow and go after Obama… calling him what he is… a failed president and an energy charlatan of historical proportions?
Now there are two ways to think about flexibility: static and dynamic flexibility. Static flexibility is how far a joint can hold a particular pose. For example it’s like the ability for a cheerleader to keep their leg next to their ears. Dynamic flexibility is how far a joint can flex in motion, such as a cheerleaders high kick. But both types of flexibility affect and impact the other.
For the centerpiece, I used my PB bay leaf candle holder thingy that I'm pretty sure almost everyone on the planet owns.
Not today. Today I have so much to do, and so little energy, that I will either write directly here or not at all.
and imagine my mornings in London.
And it was bad spending, it was phony, it was debt. But Ben Bernanke says that America needs to go deeper into debt, that we have to spend more, that we have to act like there was a housing bubble, even though there isn’t. He wants to create some sort of bubble. His goal is to get Americans to spend, and he’s going to do that. By that he will destroy the dollar.
2. Essay demonstrates research on the topic.
Dimma Live in Concert @ New York 20. and 21. December 2007
During a recent visit to my favorite Petro-cum-Kangaroo, the conversion process was kicking into high gear. Workers outside had blocked off several parking spaces so they could install a large new billboard over the entryway. Inside, at least a dozen cashiers were tripping over each other behind the counter, watching a trainer explain the new check-out terminals. Wallpaper was being stripped above the coffee machines, as customers at the self-serve struggled to avoid getting dried paste with their cream and sugar. Convenience was everywhere.
I have only shared the murals that I have actually seen and photographed. If you want to see more of her work you can check her out on Facebook. She is always busy painting something publicly or privately.
I'm doing this as a thankyou to all of you who come by to take a looksie at me lil ole blog :) I know i have been a 'bad' blog hopper of late (hopefully that will change VERY soon)
Ducatti Challenge
it returns to the realm of nothing.
Sailcat- Motorcycle Mama
I got a call from the police early yesterday afternoon. There were 911 calls coming from 2 of 4's phone and the operator could hear arguing and screaming on the other end of the line. The police wanted to know where my daughter was at that moment as they needed to get to her quickly.
Today's Would You Read It pitch comes to us from Jennifer. Jennifer loves to read, write, and spend time with her husband and two boys. She also writes a terrific blog and participates frequently in Perfect Picture Book Fridays :)
Weight: Still 201 :( No change, but haven’t gained anything either, so that’s good.
I wholeheartedly agree that it would be madness to go back to the political policies of the 1960’s. It would not only put us back 50-odd years, but it will also cause certain members of the UN synagogue to experience mild heart attacks, while they decide how many troops should be deployed in the country.
“The eleven disciples went to Galilee, to the mountain to which Jesus had ordered them. When they saw him, they worshiped, but they doubted. Then Jesus approached and said to them, ‘All power in heaven and on earth has been given to me. Go, therefore, and make disciples of all nations, baptizing them in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Spirit, teaching them to observe all that I have commanded you. And behold, I am with you always, until the end of the age.’” (Matthew 28:16-20)
That is Predeterminism and Causality. The idea that nothing in this universe has ever occurred without first a cause preceding it, and those causes are themselves the effects of causes that preceded them, all the way until the very beginning. This even puts the idea of free will under strain (or at least the common perception of it) since if everything that ever occurs is a result of a preceding cause and so on, then I’ve never chosen to do anything under my own volition ever. Why am I writing this? Because I downloaded this show. Why did I download it? Because I enjoy anime. Why do I enjoy it? Because I’ve enjoyed animation since I was a child. Why? My parents purchased animated VHS tapes for me. Why? Because it was an easy way to occupy my time for two working parents.
Turns out I have a battery that might do well with the proposed solar panel system. It's a 33AH AGM deep cycle battery that I've had for a number of years. Old batteries, of course, don't last forever and lose their ability to deliver high currents. Now that I have a smart charger (runs on AC power) I thought I'd check it out more closely.
Atheists have ramped up their efforts to gain greater respect and prominence in American society. While there are some non-believing organizations and groups that seek to have respectful debates with religious peoples, there are others that simply seek to poke fun at and incite the faith community.
why is it that just when things seem to be going well, someone has to turn things around and cause trouble?? In this case it is someone who used to be a friend. It hurts because she seems to think it's okay to involve my daughter in EVERYTHING. The first thing she does is run to Ashton and say did you know your mom said this?? what does it concern Ashton?? I want her to stay away from my daughter she says I'm a bad Mom because I don't want my daughter to be around drugs. I wish people would take a look at their own lives before making comments about other people. Take a look at your own kids before you judge!! You do not know everything they are doing you just don't!!!
I really enjoy baking but my absolute favorite thing to bake is bread. I've tried several recipes and this one is definitely a front runner. Mainly because there are very few ingredients and it's so simple to throw together. You can find the original recipe in the KitchenAid® Mixer cookbook that comes standard with the machine when you buy it. Yield is two full size loaves of bread.
How are ya doing Wendy, you may be asking. Well...........it's not day by day yet. More like moment by moment. Good moments. Bad moments. Just moments for now.
Goal #3: Make Bed and Do Dishes Every Day (Except maybe on Mondays)
This was my dad’s response to this post:
I used to work in a pizza restaurant while I was studying. I tried all facets of the business from home delivery to waiting tables then prepping the dough to finally putting the pizzas together to be baked. The temptation is to load the base with as many different ingredients as possible but from experience I’ve learnt that this leads to a soggy base with uncooked toppings.
2. I can understand the arguments about the movie the Passion of Christ
Two cars stop and the first of two lovely ladies check out how I am.
About 2 blocks from the house he gets pulled over for the inspection not being current. That is fine, but the cop also gave him a ticket for not having a license. Our son went to get his license out of his wallet and realized it wasn't there, so he told the police officer, he would bring proof to him later. In Virginia a person has 24 hours to produce proof that one is in fact a licensed driver. The police officer said that since, he, the cop could not prove that there was reason to believe our son had a valid license in Wisconsin, that he was giving him a ticket for operating a vehicle without any license at all.
They liked music (don’t most people?)
Sunday the 5th we have been invited by Mme Theodosia de Valois to join her in attending The Bach Cantata at the Rose City Park Presbyterian Church at 1907 NE 45th Avenue, Portland, Oregon.
Most of America’s Founding Fathers were part of Secret Societies, whether the Freemasons, the Rosicrucians or others. Some of them travelled to Europe and were well versed in the doctrines of the Illuminati.
4) Offer a reward system for everyone working together. Do small rewards for extra daily chores and a larger reward for when the house sells.
06. Sneaky Neighbours feat. Timbuktu
Brandon Holstein: Awesome, awesome, he’s a great artist. What would you say is your favorite movie of all time?
She was from Mississippi, and magnolia gals are just that way.
Compatible accessories
The food is like the local farmer’s market is stationed right in the kitchen! Whatever is fresh and available drives the menu. For our visit, one menu item called for morals, but since the moral farmer did not come through, wild mushrooms were the replacement. Our table craved red meat so we dined on the Grilled Hanger Steak and the Grass Fed Beef Burger. Nothing can match the natural, fresh flavors and attention to details. Scratch made ketchup, bread, condiments, and buns continue their quest to produce wholesome, homemade food. My only disappointment was that buttery beef had sat and looked dull rather mouth-watering juicy. The flavors though almost made up for dry appearance of the meat.
Celery Salt. Looks old. Can’t remember the last time I used it. Can’t find the expiration date but it does have the price on it. $1.43. That in itself is telling. Since spices can now cost more than a quick drive through the fast food line.
Choosing a good company is great because they aren't just a local company that provides corporate event entertainment to one city. They have entertainers all over the country so that it is possible for them to send someone to cities all across the United States. What's more, they have entertainers who will travel as well, and if that is in your budget, you can get a comedian or an entertainer in your city, even if they live somewhere else.
Third, it's a 3 color patch that I'm guessing is either from the name plate or a number.
Thankfully that naff experience hasn’t turned me off reading poetry or even occasionally, writing it. Last autumn, I sat through a truly delicious course at the Irish Writers’ Centre – taught by Peter Sirr – who recently won the 2011 Michael Hartnett Poetry Award. The course was a wonderful grounder and all-rounder. Peter showed us where and how to source poetic material, blurring boundaries between poetry and prose, the beauty and diabolism of staying with a poem until done. Brief interesting snippets too of poet lives and the conscionable lonely journeys to publication. I was introduced to poets I’d never heard of: Penelope Shuttle, C.P. Cavafy, Jane Hirshfield, Les Murray. “Terrible things happen and people reach for poetry to deal with it,” he told us. Poetry can make sense of horrible events but can also illuminate life’s brief thrills. You can goo the weekly schedule, complete with resources and tips, here. Meanwhile, I thought it’d be a good idea to post a poem on the blog every Saturday. I like this poem by Fay Hart for its elegant no-bullshit simplicity!
Mein Kampf is banned in the Netherlands. France last week criminalized the denial of the Armenian genocide in Turkey (an act that resulted in widespread condemnation by the OIC, whose Secretary General, Ekmeleddin Ihsanoglu, had the audacity, days after the ratification of 16/18, to bluster that those who defend cartoons that mock Mohammed as “freedom of thought and expression” have no business limiting the speech of those who deny the Armenian genocide. “This is an indisputable and unacceptable paradox,” he declared). And so on.
Today, it’s all about gossipy gossiping. There’s an entire summer ahead of us, and all we’ll have to replace the warm embrace of Premiership fixtures is the boney fingers and unwelcoming arms of transfer speculation. Whether it be the impending saga of Robin van Persie’s contract, or the interminable stories that’ll fly about like crazed geese; settle in folks, we are just at the beginning.
1 he'd
Wow! Wooden sure does think about anal sex an awful lot. I suspect he probably owns a butt plug of his own. Forgive me for injecting actual truth here, but heterosexuals engage in anal sex as well! I did not realize that people’s sex lives was any of Wooden’s business. I suppose he isn’t interested in being troubled by any medical facts while he spews out his lies and exaggerations; those pesky facts are so troublesome when you have hate to spread.
It was just a thin slip of newsprint, wrapped into that batch of advertising circulars that comes with the Sunday newspaper. But it’s going to change my life for the better, more than Parade magazine ever could, more than Dilbert, more than the handsome tool shed now on sale at Lowe’s, more even than the offer of five two-liter Sprites for $4.
Still, it is the more politically-charged songs that stand out lyrically. “Juveniles Detained at Guantanamo Bay” anchors the end portion of the tape in this respect, though after moving out of what felt like a rather slow middle section, is complemented by some excellent lighter tracks like “Yo What’s Good New York” and a refrain of “Womyn”. Nehru Jackets is over an hour long and though it offers up a surprising amount of content, it feels long as a whole and definitely strays into filler territory once in a while. Overall, though, the tracks are stronger and better thought-out than the Das Racist LP from last year and Heems shows an encouraging progression toward a better-rounded sound that will, hopefully, find its way into future releases from the group.
'If you think you're being followed, obviously try and get away. But if you can't, I'd advise doing something odd. Attackers don't want to deal with the unpredictable. I know one young woman who was sure she was being followed, when she picked up the lid of a steel dustbin and started talking to it. She then climbed into the dustbin. The attacker ran away.'
"Actually Stephanie, it's too sweet for me."
Focus of the themed issue:
Can you tell how passionately I feel about this subject? I'll be stepping down from my soapbox now, since I expect you came here looking for a recipe, not a sermon. I did, however, want to clarify that my blog has absolutely nothing to do with the art of photography (although, I must say, I've gotten a tiny bit better at it, and I'm enjoying it enough to possibly consider something other than my daughter's point and shoot camera - but I'm not sure I would know how it worked or have the time to figure it out).
Time to get that bird in the oven!
The Jester and The King laughed,
As far as the Matron could see, he was making no attempt to: A) find an apartment B) find a closer job C) Find a job that would give him more than ten hours a week and a sustainable income D) Locate any resources or people who might help him E) Find a roommate or dorm
Before EBDs teams used a coved section of floor to pickup and accelerate some airflow from above the floor into the critical area between the diffuser and rear tyre. I predict we will see these shapes and similar devices to be used to keep the diffuser sealed at the sides.
South Africa’s drunk, sex pest, thieving, porn addicted and corrupt judges will not be suspended with full pay anymore
I was in a workshop discussing fiction that involved HIV, mania and depressants. I said something about how HIV is not transmitted by osmosis, and about the effects of depressants on individuals experiencing the high of a manic episode. The discussion got loud after very long and the instructor—as the intelligent moderator he is—said something like: let’s just leave it at that. I’m not a doctor and neither are
It’s a small moment but incredibly powerful.
Now that I’ve been going twice a week for two weeks now, I feel like I have the right to speak on this now.
In battered halls, so much withstood,
The original Trader Vic’s in Scottsdale, Arizona, opened in 1962 on West Fifth Avenue, just six years after the luxe midcentury modern Valley Ho Hotel up the street. It was axis of swank. Then it became the forgotten zone. The Trader Vic's closed. The Valley Ho closed and there was talk of demolition.
I, for one, am a stickler for dialogue. Certain contractions were not in use in the early part of the 19th century, hence, cannot, do not, would not. I have an etomylogical dictionary for that purpose and I try and stay as close to the word choices of the day that I can.
Gregory: did big football destroy Penn
use the baseline shift to raise or lower dashes, slashes, parentheses, brackets, etc. to be optically centered around the type instead of on the same baseline.
“Oh!” Eyes diverted, brain cranking out different excuses for why the conversation should end now, or how to make a clean transition into something completely unrelated.
In what can be termed as acute embarrassment to major media houses, a “Modi”fication of articles that were published, based on GDP of Gujarat state was done hurriedly. Today Business Standard, one of India’s leading newspaper, carried an article by AK Bhattacharya, with a set of figures that depict growth in Gujarat, trying to drive home a point that ‘growth of Gujarat is a myth’. Soon, other media houses like Rediff, and surprisingly the British Broadcasting Corporation joined the bandwagon. this resulted in print media splashing articles quoting the figures quoted by Business Standard. BBC even went to the extent of nailing Gujarat with a story titled “Is Gujarat’s Red Hot Economy a Myth?” But soon followed counter figures, with accurate proof, which put the very same media houses to shame. The article published byBusiness Standard quotes the GDP of Gujarat as 6.3%, where as the actual figures stood at a towering 10.08%.
Career education planning is necessary and students can seek professional advice on career education from counselors of various career forums and programs. They can also take advice from their friends and family members who are able to easily ascertain their aptitude and interests.
‘I think so, yes,’ Petro said.
~ Must have a US mailing address.
MAN: And will that be on your card?
The newly rebuilt Second Avenue Deli, near the corner of 33rd and 3rd Street in NYC. The original location, that was founded in 1954 on 2nd and 10th was closed in January 2006 due to rent negotiation problems.
Wendy for the time that she had me there.
Imagine that you lived in a place where water borne diseases were rampant. Your local water source is contaminated, and typhoid outbreaks occur whenever major flooding occurs - probably from sewage and contaminants entering your water supply. Thousands of people become ill, and many even die. There are no trained water staff to effectively treat the water to protect human health. Seems worlds away, doesn’t it?
Oh, what a surprise, they do. However, Excel's wonderful TREND function tells us that rents only soak up 67.8% of the extra wages. Does that mean the law requires modification? No, not really, because once we deduct 'embedded rents' (calculated, for sake of argument as another 20% of pure rents*) and apply the TREND function again, we see that wages after pure rent and after embedded rent are as flat as a pancake.
Emrys cryptically pointed out that Annie might have to do something horrible in order to get her door (Emrys got his through some petty revenge on his ex-wife and piano teacher) and then the older version of Eve showed up to basically reveal what I had already assumed at the start of the series.
Retail price: $99
snack: the peanuts and M&M's
So remember, if you speak to someone and they seem distracted or even aloof do not take personally. It may simply be that they are already deeply in gauged in conversation, even if they are sitting quietly alone.
What to order from a list so long, in such tiny print it makes one think of miniatures and meticulous manuscripts? Italy sprawled out, not only geographically, but in the hills and gullies of winemaking styles. A Super-Tuscan? A carbonic natural wine? Something aged in anfora? A spit-clean Brunello? Something luscious from Paolo Bea? Well, not with the bottarga, please.
You may recall the inept fool that he is Derek Clark, as the MEP for UKIP, turned up at a public meeting in Derbyshire (one of the few he has dared to attend) and boasted of how he had been able to defraud The EU - from a public platform!!!
around him sparkle and dance.
This FERI item on the RIOC Board's September Agenda will certainly be a good opportunity for the newly elected Roosevelt Island resident Board Directors to chart a fresh, new and independent course by rejecting FERI's request for site control of Southpoint Park and come up with a plan to explore new ideas for the future of Southpoint Park. Will they do that?
Every single article relating to the Tottenham riots written but this little worm John Burns, attempts to play down the true ethnic nature of the "disturbances." He describes Mark Duggan - the armed ghetto dweller who was killed by London cops, who used to be kindly, quaint and unarmed but now carry weapons because of the presence of the Mark Duggans Burns defends - as an oppressed youth needlessly gunned down by racist white cops. It is unbelievable, the lies that shamelessly come out of this disgusting rag.
By the third day, I learned another lesson: Doggie Earmuffs. Having foreigners (from the big city) in their backyard tends to scare your pets. I ended up serenading them in an attempt to muffle the sounds from under the house, so they wouldn’t go crazy. Instead, I did.
Thoughts are always associated with some physical substrate, which in the past were limited to electro-chemical reactions within a nervous system. Without the physical substrate there were no thoughts. With the creation of writing thoughts could be symbolically stored but it still required a physical substrate, usually called a mind within a brain, to process them and to become conscious of them. Now with computers reaching higher capacities they are capable of associating many things together that were previously thought of as requiring a human brain. It is all quite mechanistic but then at the root of human thought it is also quite mechanistic. The digital-bit computers will soon be, perhaps some already are, working by something closer to analog probabilities that have Gaussian like associations, or possibly have variable charge levels that must be surpassed in a period of time before they react. A leaky bucket decision process and not just a yes or no that digital computers use to compute. That seems to be how brains work. Biological brains are quite slow in detail but because of myriads of stored memory modules they process some complex things en masse very quickly. Once the proper arrangement of computer chip processors are created they may be able to do mental functions at near the speed of light.
“When I got older I decided I wanted to be a real writer. I tried to write about real things. I wanted to describe the world, because to live in an undescribed world was too lonely.”
We took a few pictures, and then I noticed them – an Igloo cooler, a grill, a hot tub. Holy bats. This was someone’s house! And there we were, snapping away in the front yard. We quickly packed up and sped out. Thankfully the owners weren’t home!
Makes the PC in Mass Effect sound pretty important. How true is it? Not true enough for many people as of the ending of Mass Effect 3, but how many endings can you fit onto a shiny disc anyway? Still, the endings are apparently not varied enough, or well enough grounded in the previous events, for a lot of players.
How does Jesus demonstrate his power and authority in the instructions for the Passover preparations he gives to his disciples?
I don’t know if I’ll manage to keep it up for a month, let alone until the tenth of May, but I’m going to try.
It's been going well, but it's made for a busy mama. When I get home (between 12 and 1 depending on how much preparing I have to do for the next day) I find that Macie is usually just waking up. LOVE it! The only down side...I'M SO TIRED! I'm so excited to have another baby, but it's made the back to work transistion a little tougher than before. So the afternoons we have to be creative, also, it's been so hot that almost everyone is cranky.
I'm walking on eggshells again........
Pictures above from our sick-nasty Land Before Time seven mile hike on Mount Tam (route here; can't recommend this hike highly enough). Highlights included a carpet of fetid adder's tongue (in the lily family, high five!), pink shocks of calypso orchids scattered like confetti over the mossy understory, and a drumlin of early lupines so profuse, so dewy, Hopie and I had to sigh and exclaim and invoke the spirit of Miss Rumphius. (Self-portrait taken in Bootjack Trailhead public bathroom, because I just couldn't resist all that red.) Expect SF posts for the rest of the week, one of which may or may not feature a palomino unicorn. xo.
if you like them more chewy then opt for the lesser amount of cooking time. i like the 14 to 15 minute range.
Frustrated and in a Starbucks-blues mode, I drink up the last drop of
How could they have kept this a secret from me?
Size: 73 Mb
the sum total of
Anyway, today started out extremely shit-box. First I called my father and asked him bizarre questions, he responded by telling me about my life with my “significant other” and all I could think is he going to start about “spending quality time and trips to Hawaii?” People with my skin-tone don’t do well in Hawaii. He was understanding, when I said, “I don’t want to talk anymore” He said “O.K. Call back when you feel better” Which was nice.
I bought this bike for only 5 guineas 12s 6d !
It was while we were examining that specific scene, that we noticed a vehicle standing on the opposite side of the highway. On closer inspection we discovered that the sole occupant, sitting behind the steering wheel, had been shot dead in the head. The entrance wound resembled the typical .38 or 9mm calibre.
Monounsaturated Fat 0.0 g
mankind,
Thanks again to everyone who participated.
Does anybody out there have an answer? If so, please share it with me. In the meantime, I will finally crawl into my cozy bed.
On one occasion when Wither was banged up in the Tower of London in the shadow of the headsman's axe, another almost equally bad minor poet, Sir John Denham, begged King Charles I to spare Wither's life, on the grounds that as long as Wither lived, Denham would not be accounted the worst poet in England.
My friend, Betty, and I attended the opening reception of the 2012 Florida Artists Exhibition held at Santa Fe College in Gainesville, FL on Friday night. The exhibition, the fourth annual statewide competition sponsored by the Gainesville Fine Arts Association, awarded a total of $2,000. Dr. Jack King, Professor of Art at the University of Tampa, juried in 42 pieces of artwork from a total of 212 entries. I was surprised and excited to have my fiber art piece "Widow of Kropa" awarded Best of Show.
Now, let me emphasize that more cases of breast cancer occur in women with ABSOLUTELY NO FAMILY HISTORY. That being said, having a familial pattern does greatly increase your risks. Oh, and don’t think if your mother and her family line are cancer free you are off the hook. Men also carry the presently known inherited genetic mutations that greatly increase the risk of breast cancer. These mutations occur in tumor suppressor genes that we all have and are commonly referred to as the BRCA 1&2 genes. The fact that mutations in these genes can be passed down from our fathers is something I didn’t know before I got cancer. Moreover, it’s not just breast cancer in your family tree that raises your risk…if there is colon, ovarian or prostate cancers amongst your relatives all can indicate the genetic link for an elevated risk of breast cancer occurrence too.
Not for: For those who hate short stories that don’t explain the endings. The stories are only around 3 pages long.
John Kettler’s blog entry today contains week-old info, a lot of which I have already reported on. I am starting to think people are lifting from this blog. Ha — that is okay, this blog is for public domain and for spreading the info.
Florence x
It was a sad November 3 to wake up and find the politically savvy Linda Chavez-Thompson, vice chair of the Democratic National Committee and force who rose from migrant laborer to executive vice-president of the AFL-CIO lost to the wealthy, dissipated, and elite David Dewhurst for Texas lieutenant governor, the real power center in Texas.
“Don’t sound so grateful girl; I only just kept this wave going is all”
I will admit that I have never been that much of a rock fan. I grew up during the hair band days. I listened to pretty tame bands – Bon Jovi, Poison, and a bit of Guns and Roses and Motley Crue to jazz it up a bit. I was more a person who listened to pop music. It had to have a beat and I had to be able to dance to it. I also enjoyed listening to soundtrack music. That's right, soundtrack music. The music in the background of the movies. If you listen to enough of them, you are able to distinguish who it is. Williams or Barry. Doyle or Jablonsky. They each have a singular style. It was my belief and I still hold to it, that soundtracks are the new symphonies. No one goes and writes long pieces of music anymore. They all write quick tunes that are able to fit into a 5 minute video (if that long). But soundtracks can go on for a while. They are meant to express the feelings that are not vocalized by the characters or to set the mood. I mean, you really can't forget the music of Jaws and not get a little scared while you are swimming in the ocean or even in the lake.
gina
The boat is filled with holes,
I will absolutely do better this week. It would be pretty hard not to!
The glorious reason why the wife and I did not sleep well on our inaugural noche is because one of our neighbors (I was never sure which one because sound waves echo and bounce around like pachinko balls with all the brick and concrete that make up the houses around here) was holding a dance party / rave / sound system demonstration that lasted until (I kid thee not) 6:00am.
Clinique Long Last Glosswear SPF 15 in Air Kiss
Saturday night was the real deal. It was 10 a.m. and I was on my way to a kegs ‘n’ eggs. This is just as it sounds, people eating eggs and drinking beer from a keg. This is where I did my first ever keg stand. I lasted 22 seconds and from what I’m told, that is pretty damn good. After that it was back to funnel village and perhaps this was my downfall. After that I made my way to a party on Temple Street and for whatever reason, I was wearing a plastic bear mask and shouting, “gimme them butts,” to anyone who was willing to listen. People loved it. It will never be clear why I was shouting that but I know I’ll always remember it. After that the night turned into another blur. I know I made a trip downtown for some more drunk eats, but after that I can’t recall.
It was my fault, I should have noticed that something was wrong when several days ago she told me she got an offer from Bernstein. Bernstein was a new fashionable and trendy indie filmmaker popular among those hipster kids who thought they knew all about art just because they were attending art school classes wearing torn trousers bought for a higher price than good Levi’s jeans. I don’t even know why the style was still called indie, as it was almost as much popular as East 17 in early nineties.
Lord, You know my heart
House of Five Leaves has its warm and humorous moments and each of the characters are actually intriguing despite the fact that the series reveals very little about them. Still, what we do learn about Ume, Matsu and Otake make them all the more likeable in the long run. It’s also great to see that the series managed to capture the visual presence that Natsume Ono brought to her manga. Her art is rather crude at times but that’s what makes it different and different can be a very good thing.
In order to provide a large quantity of high quality mobile phones to different consumer groups at reasonable price, TECNO Telecom has invested a lot in deeply understanding the consumer behaviors as well as user habits in Nigeria. With its six series of handsets, TECNO is able to cover the market with all levels of spending capability. As a result of this, within just three years its products have become a household name in Nigeria, Gabriel Nwabueze, the marketing manager, told National Standard.
And the band have just announced today that they will also make stops in D.C., Pittsburgh and Columbus. Please see below for latest confirmed itinerary.
Cinco de Mayo was my last official workout of my P90X, and as happy as I should be with my results, I am slightly disappointed in myself. I know I could have went a little harder, and I could have been a bit more strict on my dieting. I think my phase 2 – Phase 3 transition got the best of me being on the road and all. Not an excuse, but it was tough to go hard on make-shift workout environment. Once again, it’s not an excuse, just what I observed when I look back at my time during the workout.
Like many of us, I have my own Facebook page, but I also administer two other non-personal pages, so I need all the help and advice I can get. These classes together were together worth the price of admission. Ms. Van Krevelen is also a blogger and can be found here and here.
The most poignant & significant moment had to be when John answered another question from the audience; a girl wanted to know that with all the disturbing coverage about bullying in the news, how does one stick to being themselves & making it through high school? He mentioned Athena, his 13 yr old daughter & how his advice to her is if you’re being bullied, you go to your teacher, if they do nothing, go to the principal, if they ignore you, go straight to the top to your administrator…then if you still are left with no help, take it on with the bully & when the school is upset at you for causing an altercation, the parents can say, ‘Hey, its not her, its YOU. you did nothing” I thought that was amazing advice & I applaud him for addressing the dirty-little-secret that often the problem is because of the lack of intervention within the school.
Staying at Peppers Ruffles Lodge & Spa is really like staying in someone’s home, except you don’t have to be overly polite and BYO flowers, chocolates and wine. Freshly picked flowers are placed by the bed, handmade chocolates are complimentary and evening turndown features a carafe of port.
11. Your favourite flavour of Ice Cream/Jelly?
The same reasons I use that kept me from exercising and losing weight are the same reasons that I will use to motivate myself. I just have to look at it in a different perspective: (1) I have managed to be fit before and I can do it again this time. Those moments actually felt good and I want to feel it again. (2) I am a counselor, a teacher, a (non-practicing) nurse, a student, an aspiring entrepreneur, a friend (probably an enemy for others), a daughter, an aunt, a mother (to my three year old daughter), and most especially, I am a wife (to my loving and supportive hubbie). These many roles that I have to play only tells me that I need to be fit and healthy so that I can play it well.
The professor claims that he was put on the watch list to punish him for his speech, and he's received a good deal of support from various blogs (as well as some skepticism). I think when it comes down to it, if someone said "Bush ate my kittens with his bare hands" some people will believe it no-questions-asked, because you know, Bush is the kitten-eating type. But let's think about this in detail, and let's even assume that the administration is willing to pursue this sort of retribution. They decide to punish dissidents, and they pick out a professor that no one outside his field has really heard of, because Cindy Sheehan, Jon Stewart, and Howard Dean would be too obvious. Then they let word pass down to random ticket agents at American Airlines that they put people on the list for peace marches and speeches. They don't harass him on the way back though - because they have something better planned for him. They're going to instruct the baggage handlers to lose his luggage! Muwahahahaha. Well, for a few hours anyway; they'll deliver it to his house overnight.
There is a popular saying out there, “do what you love and the money will follow.” I look behind me so much that the front of me is bruised from walking into light posts and parking meters. And to that man whose Mercedes I tripped over the other day, I said I was sorry.
All that being said, the novella holds promise. I enjoyed it in spite of (and sometimes for) its flaws, though I admit to laughing at times when I was supposed to be pained or titilated. I honestly believe that another draft could have fixed many of the problems.
"Water" by The Sugarcubes
You were a sleep around
Having an agent is not absolutely compulsory and there are some types of writer who rarely have agents. Many poets don't have an agent, and most writers of children's non-fiction don't have agents, for instance. Academic writers don't usually have agents. These types of writing don't earn much per title and so an agent won't be interested in representing them. Nor should you be interested in giving away 15% of very little when an agent won't get you a better deal. Children's non-fiction is often written for a flat fee and, indeed, having an agent can put some editors off signing you - they don't want the aggro of dealing with someone who will try to argue about what is a standard deal; it's simpler just to employ another, unagented, writer.
June at Dezinaworld is as anyone who knows a very loving and generous person. Due to the family turmoil of looking after her ailing parents she has decided to give her collages sheets away. She only asks that you don't overwhelm her and only ask for one a day but, come back as often as you wish. She will have buttons on her blog that supports charities of her choice and if you wish to make a donation that would surely please her.
I reviewed this book almost a year ago, and it's worth another mention. This was one of my favorites as a child and remains a popular one in our house. As a kid, I loved the language and repetition. As a mom, I love that it exposes my kids to places and people different from themselves. Check it out from the library and see if it isn't one you'd want to add to your home collection.
He smiled at me and i saw pure happiness and love shine out from his eyes. He looked like an angel. My hero.
Despite the overwhelming desire to believe the answer is positive the question must remain unanswerable.
Adapted from the Latin by M. D. Usher
The Arab world’s first people’s revolution is also the most media savvy in history. Which is why despots everywhere should be very worried indeed. There has already been a lot of excited talk that the Tunisian uprising is the world’s first Twitter Revolution, Wikileaks Revolution and Facebook Revolution. All of these new media did play crucial roles. Twitter provided second by second updates of events on the ground, operating at its best like a crowd-sourced news agency. Col. Qaddafi in neighbouring Libya blamed a Wikileaks cable from the US embassy, which detailed the ruling family’s breathtaking avarice, for catalysing the unrest. He may be right. Nawaat.org, a Tunisian bloggers collective, even launched tunileaks.org to highlight and discuss the cable's explosive revelations.
Asked if people are allowed to gather at the six planned meeting points by Bersih, Mohmad said they are allowed to gather but are prohibited from marching as stipulated under the Peaceful Assembly Act 2011, which was enforced on Monday, adding that those who march or conduct street protests may face possible arrests.
The BBC could have shown its film any time. Why pick the worst possible moment for English football?
Daughter: No I’m having a poo
Paul’s daughter Margaret married William Marsh Rice, whose will provided for the establishment of Rice University.
I see nobody, for miles around I can see everything but I can see nobody. No signs of life, no lights, no smoke billowing from terraced housing balanced halfway up the mountainous man-made hill to the left of my eye-line.
A few weeks ago at our big gender ultrasound, the Dr. noticed that my cervix was a little short. It wasn't a big deal at the time, it was just a little shorter than they would ideally like to see it. So they decided to keep an eye on it.
Babies and colds are two things that shouldn't go together.
I'm a Ramblin' Man
"For the first time, e-book authors can now publish for free and keep the entire sale price of their e-book. That means if an e-book is sold for $4.99 through the Booktango bookstore, the author gets the full $4.99," said Chris Bass, Director of Marketing for Booktango. "If it's sold through another outlet, the e-books retailer takes their standard fee, and the author gets the rest. Booktango takes nothing -- no other publishing company is offering anything this beneficial to authors."
Watching peoples personal videos stolen from people’s personal archives on sites like U Tube, after all how long did it take for a calendar to be made up of photos taken from people passing through one of those full body airport scanners ?
Our favorite game was to tell boys we liked generally accepted really uncool things. “I love KISS” was a fav. see how they react, “Oh I really like them too” yeah right loser. Why don’t you tell me about your band again, we would think. One of these was “Oh I love Blondie” because I grew-up skipping rope and singing, “Rapture” and child-hood things are to be put away in adolescence. It was really bff’s idea to like Blondie, or pretend we did, and then we let ourselves really enter that space, to have some freedom there and yes, we do honestly, in no hipster way, love it. So I started listening to disco in an unashamed way. Okay you may say she is punk, but okay she pierced that membrane, which is awesome. I was listening to this song a great deal then. It brings me comfort now.
The residents of the Autumn Years Rest Home were in a panic. Over 4 inches of rain fell, and the winds were topping at 60 miles per hour. The roof could not stand the onslaught, and water dripped into the dining room from the ceiling.
Tennant’s final appearance on New Year’s Day was the show’s third most viewed installment, but BBC chiefs yesterday predicted an even brighter future for the Doctor.
Serve cold or room temperature.
Prospective contributors may submit abstracts on indicative topics provided below. The topics are only indicative and not intended to restrict the scope of submissions. Preference will be given to evidence-based papers that provide case studies of the role of innovation in development:
I've used this sweet bunny, Flopsey, from the new Two Scoops for Flopsey stamp set. He sure makes me long for summer and two scoops of some yummy Gelato! I thought I would use these pretty MME 6x6 Follow Your Heart, Be Happy papers that make me think of a warm summer breeze and a cool treat! I colourd Flopsey with my Copics and cut him out and pop-dotted him up on the panel cut with the new gorgeous Designer Labels 1 STAX Die-namics. As I said yesterday, I can't get enough of the new Mini Scallop Edge Die-namics and so I used it again on my Flopsey card. I cut some Twill tape with the larger of the 2 ribbon Die-namics from the First Place Award Ribbon Die-namics and tucked the little twill flags under my flowers. I stamped one of the cute sentiments from this set on the smaller ribbon die. I sprinkled around some pink half pearls and added some Honeydew Twinery Twine from MFT.
“Do you now, or have you ever used illegible performance reports?”
Kim HyunJoong’s ‘Break Down’ is out on pre-order since 20-May through online music websites. This album is the very first album released under Kim HyunJoong’s own name, and produced over a year’s time with the best staffs.
* Facilitate the uptake of research findings by assisting in presenting research results to key audiences and developing materials that support the translation of the findings into practical outcomes
Walnut Creek Alehouse (Pyramid) Pyramid Amber Weizen
Hello, friends. I am so sorry for my cyber absence lately. We had our year end recital at the dance studio where I teach on Friday, and you can't imagine the amount of work and time that went into making this weekend a success. I am so pleased to say that it really was such a success. I am so proud of all of my students, and how much they have grown as dancers and individuals this year. I felt like a proud momma bear when I watched them each take the stage on Friday. I feel so blessed to have found the best kept secret of the county where I live.
80,000 people! WOW! Hyde park wasn’t there…just a sea of people! I found my start group and milled about. Now what is it about the start of a race? No matter how you try hydrate yourself and make appropriate use the toilet…at between 5 and 10 minutes before the race you I always need to wee. 80,000 people and few dozen porta-loos… you do the maths…I held it.
So how many calories can I burn packing boxes? loll
So much for being a genius.
That wormhole led me to make this very strange pickled lemon recipe. I am not sure I like it, but it might just work in a margarita. What doesn't? It's sort of like preserved lemon, so I guess it can't be that bad, right? I'm not in love with it. Yet. Please note: I made a super small batch of this. This recipe is for an army's worth of pickled lemon. I'm not sure who needs that. But I could be wrong.
* Go for moisturizing or intensive-care conditioners if you have dry hair.
Mind: I said no!
Q: A few lucky collectors have received autographs from Yogi, often writing in care of spring training. Mostly, requests are returned with a price list asking for $100 per signed card. What did you learn about Yogi's fan mail?
Merry Christmas from all of us at Pearl Girls™! We hope you enjoyed these Christmas "Pearls of Wisdom" from the authors who were so kind to donate their time and talents! If you missed a few posts, I hope you'll be able go back through and read them on this blog over the next few days. If you'd like to keep up with Pearl Girls and our new book project, Mother of Pearl, coming this spring, just click this link and sign up for our newsletter (lower left sidebar).
i also really NEED my license, i can;t live life without a license or a vehicle how i want to, its utterly IMPOSSIBLE, unless i lived in NYC of course -_-
Whether you pass or fail is also irrelevant. The first door, through which most people exit, leads to an airport departure lounge where you are flown home, never to return. Why would you want to? The middle door leads to a long tunnel which eventually leads back into the largest of the three rooms where you will find a desk with your name on it and you will be paid to mark papers. You will not have learnt what a scrunglebob is, nor will you have seen anymore of the country. The third door, through which very few pass, leads to the hire care.
Thanks for your cooperation and your understanding.
into the rabbit hole. Just like in the movie, only there isn't a surreal fantasy world waiting for me at the bottom. It's just cold and hard and uncomfortable and lonely.
100. Cf. Part III, l. 204.
"Why do you hate me? What did I ever do to you? I work for free, I give you my learned counsel, and this is how you repay me?"
Non-Profit Sponsorships:
Simon Frankel, an American jeweler, bought the Hope diamond in 1901 and brought the diamond to the United States. The diamond changed hands several times during the next several years, ending with Pierre Cartier. Pierre Cartier believed he had found a buyer in the rich Evalyn Walsh McLean. Evalyn first saw the Hope diamond in 1910 while visiting Paris with her husband. Since Mrs. McLean had previously told Pierre Cartier that objects usually considered bad luck turned into good luck for her, Cartier made sure to emphasize the Hope diamond's negative history. Yet, since Mrs. McLean did not like the diamond in its current mounting, she didn't buy it.
My new blog is called Woman Dreaming and can be found here. It is an email I choose many years ago and it is fitting. This name was choosen and, without realizing it, then this song was found:
In the art circles, as in most intellectual life, need has given way to fear. We are afraid of falling to clichéd thoughts or to reveal vulnerability and needs. And yet life moves freely beyond these fences of intellect. It ripples and crosses unaware of the boundaries set by consciousness. (Enrique Martinez Celaya: Collected Writings and Interviews 1990 – 2010, p.36)
And Mr. 7 has no interest and no idea- I don't mean anything bad by this AT ALL! Believe me I am very proud of him and his ability to stay true to himself. He has a passion for art and has said since he was 3 that "When I grow up I am going to be an artist. Actually.... I already am one!" (He is my child responsible for all manner of magnificent philosophical statements as mentioned on an earlier post.)
“In East Asian cultures, Chinese, Japanese, Vietnamese, and Korean the equinoxes are taken to be the mid-season points of Spring and Fall, as calculated by the 24 solar divisions of the calendar year. “Equal” in this context, represented by the Chinese character 分, is equidistant between the beginning and end of either the Spring or Fall season. In Japan the March or Vernal Equinox is a national holiday, a day for family and visiting ancestors at their graves.”
In yesterday's post, I shared all about the inspiration and plans for my Sister's big bedroom update. Today, I'm showing you the happy outcome of all that fluffing and fussing this past weekend.
In Candy Cigarettes, Mann’s eldest daughter Jessie appears to be smoking. This image again caused some controversy. The title however tells us that it is simply a sweet. My perception is of a child holding the fake cigarette, and acting in a grown-up way, perhaps in imitation of her parents or another adult she has seen.
Let's throw Kid 10 into a real world scenario and see how he copes. The big, evil warlord alien Zylxxxyx is trying to take over the world. His only weakness is that he has to wear +3.5 strength reading glasses in order to see otherwise he'll implode.
Or would that be bend over?
An instant classic that recently joined the ranks of 'affordable gourmet' stationed in the bourgeoning foodie mecca that is Culver City, the place is named after a a railway line in the London Underground (aka "the Tube") - that only services two train stations "Waterloo", and "City" (for London City) - which, according to the website, is where Executive Chef Brendan Collins' initiated his youthful adventures.
#He is a ‘darling’ and a ‘devil’ in the same sentence. Immature jerk most times…but troubling him has been my favorite pass time. Till date, he’ll run in the opposite direction when he sees me…and I have promised to trouble him till my last breath. He is my ‘Tom‘ and I am his ‘Jerry’…HAHAHAHA!!!
but don’t own/
Single women you are important in Christ. Understand your role in Christ and embrace it. It’s not a curse to be single. You have all the time to become more intimate with God. It is time to pursue those dreams and set the goals that would build your womanhood and character. Study the word. Marriage has its rainy days too. Let God make the choice of if, who, when, where, what and how. It’s his purpose you are supposed to be living for. Put that flesh in check. I find it funny that most women and men that are married want to be single. Of course I am enjoying my marriage but not all married couples could say the same. Those single wants to be married… God will guide you to that path of righteousness!
Before you all groan and say things like ‘but you were only whingeing a short time ago about how hard it is to find work and now you’re blowing your opportunities by wasting precious mental energy on whether there’s a bloody letter E in ‘arseing’ and if cyberspace was truly elastic I’d reach in and angrily flick that bulb on the end of your nose until your eyes water......’ - let me reassure you of something.
I feel like I have been in the deepest valley...And today I can say I am thankful for the pain and the fear I first felt...because now, now, I am on the highest mountain and I would not have truly been able to appreciate everything I do now had I not gone through everything I did in the beginning.
Must kill plot bunnies… they are evil!
She turned on that significant YG charm to those costumed folk. They were grabbing her hand, pulling her up on stage, and hugging her at every given opportunity.
Lastly, I have to quote one line, “Target is covered in Nazi swastikas…I call it hostile”.
Cookie Face Race
In case you missed last night's set, the band are back at Coachella again next weekend and play a week's worth of shows across the West Coast this week. Check out the band performing a blistering set finale of "Night Boat To Cairo" below:
I know God is FAITHFUL. He keeps his promises. He is the giver of every good gift. Once again, we know that He has called us to this place. It's a place of complete dependency upon Him. It's a hard place to walk, but also, the very best place to walk. How can I ever doubt His love for me, when He continues to prove Himself faithful at every turn.
Gary Alan Fine, the John Evans Professor of Sociology at Northwestern University, said: "Facts aren't dead. If anything, there are too many of them out there. There has been a population explosion."
December 13, 2005SYDNEY erupted in a second night of racial violence last night as Middle Eastern mobs fired shots into the air, attacked women and smashed shops around Cronulla, while up to 600 young men – armed with guns and crowbars – prepared for a battle.In a terrifying escalation of the conflict, up to 70 cars from Hurstville and possibly Lakemba invaded Cronulla and Brighton-le-Sands to launch revenge attacks, following the vicious attacks by Cronulla locals on people of Middle Eastern appearance on Sunday.Twenty carloads of men arrived at Cronulla by about 10.30pm, smashing shops, and cars in Elouera Road, and threatening people who got in their way. They reportedly stabbed a woman at Carringbah, but her condition was unknown.Gunshots were heard near Northies Hotel at Cronulla and there was an unconfirmed report of a man being shot.
1) I do not despise anyone, with the possible exception of Charles Dickens, who was just a real jerk to his poor first wife. But you might call that more of a personal grudge.
Every year I swear that I'm not going to get sucked in by the hype and hoopla.
Dear Pat,
Last Sunday, my aunt and my mother completed a half-marathon. They walked the 13.1 miles. I ran it last year, but this year I did not train. The excuses were my schedule and being sick a few times, but again, the truth of the matter is, if I worked hard enough, if I tried hard enough, I could've done it. And as I watched the runners come through, and as I watched my mother and my aunt cross that finish line, I had a conflict of emotions--insane pride for my mother and aunt for accomplishing something so amazing, and intense disappointment in myself. I loathe the feeling of regret, and I am fortunate that I have relatively few regrets, but this one hurt. And although my aunt and my mom didn't come down on me for it, I was disappointed in myself. I felt I had let them down.
8) Darklight Corporation - S/T
How did you get involved in the project in the first place?
13. Been arrested? - No, but I was questioned by store security over my credit card use. This was before things were more electronic, and if my purchase went through at the counter, sometimes I was in fact over my limit. This was also during my stint at film school, when I was stretching every penny into a dime. I was absolutely, completely mortified.
Heat a nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. Sprinkle 1 teaspoon curry powder, 1/2 teaspoon salt, and 1/2 teaspoon black pepper over chicken. Coat pan with cooking spray. Add chicken to pan; cook 5 minutes on each side or until done. Remove chicken from pan; keep warm. Add bell peppers and remaining 1/2 teaspoon curry powder to pan; sauté 1 minute. Add coconut milk, and bring to a boil; reduce heat, and simmer 4 minutes or until mixture is slightly thickened. Cut lime in half. Squeeze 1 tablespoon juice from 1 lime half; slice other half into 4 wedges. Stir juice and 1/4 teaspoon salt into bell pepper mixture. Cut chicken across grain into thin slices. Serve chicken with bell pepper mixture and lime wedges.
Maureen Limpan
In my own life, I am trying to unplug. When I go into a store, more often than not I leave the phone in the car. When I go to Mass or on retreat, I turn off the phone completely (or leave it at home). If I go hiking (where there is cell signal), I’ll bring the phone along, but it will only be turned on in an emergency.
Rum drinks, ate fried Yucca with hot salsa… I was hooked big time.
The bases also really come together now also, which I was scared cause individually they do not look great, but together they look great.
Large scale institutional religion i.e. Christianity started taking over Europe, Turkey and Egypt which is to the north of Arabia and to the east of Arabia there was Hinduism and Buddhism. And there was also Judaism.
The GB national sides trip to the Slovenian capital for the world championships has now ended and whilst the hopes with which they went may not of been fully met the GB team will play in the same division next season.
If there’s one thing that I would like to change about this wedding planning, it would be to choose a easir color motif to work on!! I had trouble searching for the exact hue of greenish/blue that I like and same thing goes for our bridesmaid dresses so we ended up with a fabric that is more of a bluish without a tiny hint of green! Disappointing! But I’m over it now. My problem is, our invites are green and my bridesmaid dresses would be blue so I modified the color motif to be blue, green, gray and old rose.
*kids arrive, shoes away properly
If your smartphone has a camera flash, turn off the flash.
Second place in Storefront Chocolate: Sugar Mama's
The word of God puts coveteousness right in with fornication and uncleaness. To have coveteousness is to strongly desire something you really dont need. It is to think about it a lot. The dictionary says: “To wish for longingly.” Our tradition of having our children make a list of what they want needs to be tempered so that it does not lead to coveteousness. It is okay to want something, and to give something. But we need to be careful not to breed a spirit of coveteousness in them. Make sure they realize we are giving gifts to one another in honor of Jesus’ gift to us. Make sure they are involved in giving as well as getting.
The answer, of course, was no. No, it is not ok to be blindly and innocently blundering through life with a good intention and a hug for people who need one…Then Pollyanna starts talking and she tells me that I am serving a good purpose while doing good and intending to do good. So I shouldn’t be so hard on myself. Also, I figured out that my card was blocked before the bank called me to say that they thought it was in the hands of a mad woman, didn’t I? I’m not that blunderful, right?
I have been singing to Boom Boom and Pow...a lot...and I found out that their favorite song is, "Santa Claus is Coming to Town". They start squirming and dancing around whenever I sing it! Either that or they are trying to tell me to shut the hell up.
(I really did use 2 different sizes from this die set to make the sentiment and frame)
I hope you enjoy your 20% discount.
The one thing I remember the most about my grandfather is how he was always reading.
(Please remember discount of 30% does not apply for digis, to avoid mistakes all digis will be emailed manually and directly from me after I receive notification of purchase of the digis)
This morning I had to drop my daughter off at the community college for play practice. I drove in the parking garage and there was a group of 4 men standing at the entrance. My daughter looked at me and told me to keep driving and find another entrance. I pulled in the nearest space because I was late for work and in a hurry. We got out of our car and one man walked away from the group. The remaining men stood at the entrance talking. We walked through the exit and went to the theater.
4. Have a blanket and 2 scarves on the needles that I’m making up for craft fairs.
That is a man in the bra and thong, everyone else didn't bother to wear anything and there were more participants than just these three hunks!
JP was in and out of the hospital, but still was able to live on his own, very close to the family, but still independent. Finally, it all caught up, and he wound up in Lankenau with many different things adding up to big things, including pneumonia and being HIV-positive. He spent months at Lankenau. One day, we were a few minutes delayed , and he passed away just before we walked into his hospital room.
"Even tonight, a Korean man offered to sell me an illegal teacher visa. If I were a criminal from the United States, I could have bought an illegal teacher visa," pointing out the need for the government to take more care in the hiring of foreign instructors.
I've blogged about thsi book before in my Bologna report and now I have a copy of my own, with an English translation.
If someone called me that today, id smack them with my purse. And it'd hurt you know, because ive perfected the swing of my purse to face.
“I choose Death!”
Minister of Finance Pravin Gordhan said tax revenue collections had not yet recovered fully from the effects of the recession.
There may be a treat to humanity with advancements in artificial intelligence. According to some of the leading researchers in the field of biometrics, artificial intelligence, and computer science are saying that superhuman intelligence has not evolved. Dr. Roman V. Yampolskiy, a leading researcher has mentioned that the military industrial complex is investing billions in artificial intelligence research. Yampolskiy also mentions in an interview with Alex Jones of the myth that AI will be designed to be violent and aggressive, but makes good for a theatrical hollywood performance. But he knows that this technology can be catastrophic if left in the wrong hands.
- 3 parts ketchup
Ad Age had a very interesting piece on the effect of social media on politics. The conclusion they reached was that social media has not had nearly the impact claimed on politics in the US.
Wouldn't it be amazing if there was a list of options on your tax forms for you to indicate how you would prefer your taxes to be spent? You would simply check the box on the item/s you consider most important, and your tax dollars would be equally divided amongst them. The neo-cons could check military and defense spending, the bleeding hearts could check wellfare and low income housing subsidies, and anyone with half a lick of common sense and self preservation could check healthcare, roads, and EDUCATION. Then everyone would be happy and true Democracy would have its day in the sun. The end. Ok, so maybe I'm oversimplifying a wee bit...but there's merit in the concept, right?
Thanks for stopping by! Your continued support is my best Christmas gift!!!
25 april - Coachella Festival - California, US
“The philosophy of our service is that we open a house somewhere and, with the patience of a spider, we lay our web to wait for people to get caught in the web; and we teach those who do. We don’t lay the web to eat or consume them but to show them the way to their resurrection, to blow life into their dead bodies and souls, to give them a life.”
In some ways you can be more open to it as a solo performer, and might be able to hear it clearer and more directly. The audience is part of the show, the room is part of the show, the lighting, the noise in the room or outside, the time of day, season, EVERYTHING.
Earlier this week, you said Governor Romney, after he released his taxes, you said that you were satisfied with the level of transparency of his personal finances when it comes to this. And I just want to reiterate and ask you, are you satisfied right now with the level of transparency as far as his personal finances?
If you'd like to enter to win the free year-long premium membership at Wedding Jojo - just leave a comment below by noon (EST) tomorrow, and I will announce the winner (chosen at random) on Thursday.
And yes, before some points out, back when mohammad actually thought he could fool Jews and Christians into accepting islam, he recited peaceful semi-remembered Christian and Jewish suras that he later replaced (or aborgated) with oppression and violence and murderous suras against all who will not accept islam. If only deceived muslims truly understood this. But, they are brainwashed from birth to believe so many lies that they truly do not know the truth when they hear and see it.
Especially since the song itself wasn’t a Foxtrot.
Note that 200 is four times worse than 100, and Beijing is only China’s fourth most polluted city.
LTTE sympathizers justify some of the assassinations by arguing that the people attacked were combatants or persons closely associated with Sri Lankan military intelligence. Specifically in relation to the TELO, the LTTE has said that it had to perform preemptive self-defencebecause the TELO was in effect functioning as a proxy for India.[170]
OTFT seeks to eradicate these root problems by providing vocational training, in tailoring, and providing jobs that pay fair wages that allow the women to support themselves. We are working to bring industry to the rural areas that have simply been ignored. More importantly, we are also working to create successful female role models that can become agents of change in their own villages. The women in our Kadapa unit have become strong, independent females and have caused their rural villages to reconsider the potential of a woman and ultimately the potential in educating a girl. Most girls in the area are pulled out of school at Grade 5. We are trying to change that mentality.
My First Cat
Power Distance scores are high for Latin, Asian and African countries and smaller for Anglo and Germanic countries, and correlates with the use of violence in domestic politics and income inequality. Uncertainty Avoidance scores are higher in Latin countries, in Japan, and in German speaking countries, lower in Anglo, Nordic, and Chinese culture countries. UAI scores correlate with Roman Catholicism and with the legal obligation in developed countries for citizens to carry identity cards. Individualism scores are high in developed and Western countries, while collectivism prevails in less developed and Eastern countries; Japan takes a middle position on this dimension. Individualism is correlated with national wealth and mobility between social classes. Masculinity Index is high in Japan, in some European countries like Germany, Austria and Switzerland, and moderately high in Anglo countries; it is low in Nordic countries and in the Netherlands and moderately low in some Latin and Asian countries like France, Spain and Thailand. Masculinity scores correlate negatively with the percent of women in democratically elected governments. Long-term orientation scores are highest in East Asia, moderate in Eastern and Western Europe, and low in the Anglo world, the Muslim world, Latin America and Africa. Long-term orientation is correlated with school results in international comparisons.
Me - That sounds good to me. Let's put off growing up for as long as we can.
We are in receipt
This past March, at the beginning of my Spring Break, my dad and I embarked on a trip to Ikea to purchase a wall of Billy Bookcases for my room. I realized yesterday that I never did a follow-up post to The Bookshelf Chronicles. Yes, we (or more precisely, my dad) got the wall of bookshelves up, and boy are they pretty!
i've been wearing a bracelet that noone would ever think was a sign of mourning. he's been growing his hair. and i didn't even realise. all this time, even if it hasn't been visible - even to me, the person who knows him best - he has been mourning too. he's even had a visible sign on his person, like i did. like me though, it's one that's not obvious.
Let no one kill nor cause another to kill.
I am excited that a BAYOU TECHE BIÈRE was reviewed by such a renowned national magazine. Our petite brewery that only sells beer in Southern Louisiana appeared in a Belgian newspaper and now we have been favorably reviewed by an English writer and New York based brewmaster who are respected authorities on beer. I read Oliver’s The Brewmasters Table once a month and everything that Roger Protz wrote while my family and I were planning our Arnaudville brewery. When I was not brewing or drinking beer, I was reading about brewing or drinking beer. I am grateful that our first beer has been recognized by two beer experts whose writings have inspired me to open Bayou Teche Brewing.
NO BULL PREMISE: Journalist and outdoorsy type Jon Krakauer investigates the mysterious arctic death of Chris McCandless, a well-off twentysomething from the US east coast.
Megg: The Cloud Prophet Trilogy is comprised of my first three novels: Anathema, Oubliette, and Severed. It follows the journey of Reychel, a simple slave who’s destined to be more than she believes she can be. Reychel must the decisions she believes are right – whether or not they lead her to her destiny.
I should have practiced before I came; I hadn’t felt that tug on my abdomen in three years. If I had a sensei, someone, anyone that could have taught me how to master my extra ability of instantaneously transporting from one place to another, there would be no accidents. No horrible, tragic, fucked up accidents that would ruin my life forever and keep me from shifting every again. Until now. I knew I had to use it some day. I still should have practiced.
Several of the merry children, who had danced around the tree and taken such pleasure in it at Christmas, were playing in the courtyard. One of the youngest seized upon it and tore off the tinsel star.
Our nations are the homes in which freedom and democracy prospers. This is true for the Netherlands. This is true for America. This is true for Israel.
My particular twist on the Ouija board demonstrates a very cool aspect of physics. What I do is use a “special planchette” which is a silvery disc of metal – the participant in the demonstration picks up this disc and waves it back & forth a few millimeters above the board while various eerie invocations are made. The result: the “spirits” of the board tug & pull on the disc – the more the user pushes & pulls the disc, the more the “spirits” react. In fact, one can even drop the disc and it will settle down onto the board slowly and gently as opposed to falling freely under the influence of gravity!!!
Not by power
If you are spending your whole paycheck before you even get it, you should look for some places where you can save. It’s hard to go whole hog. You may not be able to avoid going out for meals entirely. By eating out half as many times in a month as you normally would, you will save money while still getting to go out.
I’m trying to recreate the enthusiasm for my work in progress by thinking around it – literally – producing serial ideas for more stories using the same characters. However, sexy new ideas don’t make something I’ve lived with for months look that appealing anymore. Bad marriage? Maybe. Bad writer – definately, I’ve abandoned my toddler for a new baby.
Stott goes on to make an observation I think is too often underplayed or poo-poohed when it's raised, but which IMO really has tremendous merit:
We were together for a year and a half. I was pretty stupid about it too, because we started dating before she had completely broken up with her then-boyfriend. She had recently moved to my hometown and hadn’t broken up with her boyfriend. They were attempting to have a bit of a long-distance relationship, and I was simply too dumb to fully realize that she was cheating on him with me, and that she would likely cheat on me with someone else if given the chance. So rather than admit to my stupidity in every other sentence of this post, let’s just assume I’m always admitting to being a complete idiot when I was with her, shall we? In any case, I was happy as a clam to be with her. She was my first very serious girlfriend and was also my first lay.
6 Tvc 15
As much as I practiced I could never body lock or do the windmill (most probably for fear of breaking my neck) so basically stuck to my soul girl grooves, but my love of Hip-Hop was always there. Many moons ago on my many travels to the USA and Italy, I was lucky enough meet a whole crew of people who showed me other sides to the genre. Some I’m still in touch with such as artist/designer Paolo ‘Zero-T’ Capezzoli and others, but many have either ‘grown-up’, settled down or just disappeared. As controversial as it was and still is (some are just down right stupid, ugly or disrespectfully placed) Graffiti belongs to Hip-Hop. I could not always understand the message but I do admire good ‘Spraymanship’ or statement tag.
As a child I used to hate the texture, I used to think it tasted like straw – it was generally unappealing.
Eggs - 2
The activities themselves were not on face value surprising given the nature of the course – completing large puzzles, getting the team through obstacle courses with various constraints around communicating and time for completion etc. However each activity had great originality once you dived in. Our assumptions were constantly being challenged and we were always in a position to challenge the process ourselves. Reviewing the tasks afterwards made us re-evaluate how we could achieve the full potential of the individuals in the team and subsequently the team as a whole. By the end of the course we were planning well, supporting the leaders, giving clear instructions, deputising for increased control of the team and acting three times faster than when we started. All grey areas of responsibility were being filled by everyone without being asked and proactivity was key.
The team had their very first meeting. While the discussion was on going, they were suddenly attacked by armed and masked men breaking the window and firing at them. Hang Ah was quick to react and even led the entire group. What was Jae Ha doing while the ruckus abounds? His very first instinct was to save himself and not care about other people. Shoot! He’s such a useless coward! Aigoo. Though it was fun to see him freak out when the Commanding Officer just woke up after. Everything was just a set up. It was part of the training everyone has to go through. Part of it was recalling the incident and learning from it. However our Prince does not want anything to do with it and just hands it all to them. What a jerk!
so people can show off things they've created.
I posted every day, most days at :01 CST, and posts were kept short & wildly entertaining (oops, change that "w" to an "m"). Pre-writing and scheduling was KEY, and using a theme helped me keep individual posts brief because I looked at A to Z as one giant post broken into 26 bite-sized pieces.
fox dreams is a project from Yay Words! Poets were invited to submit short form poetry and artwork about foxes and/or dreams to celebrate the Inari Matsuri festival. Each poet who submitted was guaranteed at least one poem into the collection.
Red Tail in Devens and Butter Brook in Westford have been built since Shaker Hills opened in 1991 and have certainly lured some players away. But very few courses, if any, are doing lights-out business.
After a few days of angst about what story to read, I opted for 'The Rings of Saturn' - a story about a reporter who goes to interview a couple for their golden wedding anniversary. The piece also features astronomy, a recurring theme of mine but one which I enjoy exporing and is pretty close to my heart, so I hope people in the audience enjoyed it. Others reading at the event included Steve Toase, Tony Dew, host Helen Cadbury and James Wall, whose story 'Longer than Lunch' will soon be published in respected literary magazine Tears in the Fence. (Please take out a subscription for yourself or a friend - the magazine is currently struggling financially and is in desperate need of support.) It was really nice to be asked along to take part in the festival and to hear a great selection of new stories from my fellow readers - writers who are definitely worth keeping an eye on for the future.
Sunday night here now. A bit depressing but a nice end to the a really good weekend of relaxing!
Today's Prompt: What's the story of the most difficult challenge you've faced in a relationship? Did you overcome it? What was the outcome?
One of the things we tend to shy away from when we "eat healthier" is OIL and FAT. But the truth is our bodies need fat. Not a lot of course. And not animal by-products. I am not talking eating a pound of bacon a day here. I am talking about oil. Plain, pure and simple. It can be Canola, Olive, Coconut, Safflower, Sunflower, Peanut, Soybean. You can get a list online of healthy oils. Now here is a question for you. How is this oil healthiest? In its natural state or when we use it for cooking? Natural of course. How much do we need of it a day?
3) Blend the oranges (skin included) in a food processor till pureed.
Alarm goes off. 4:45 a.m. First thought is “I’m so tired” because it’s so dark and early. Then I get up. Instantly. And, am not nervous. How? The whole pre-race thing was totally a surprise to me, I am typically totally antsy and nervous from the second I wake up. I felt none of that. I felt calm, focused and in a zone.
Die Cuts: Imaginisce camp critter
In a bowl, mix together:
Building Footprint : 25% of land area
First, the MCAC has yet to be set up but more importantly, it’s structure, appointment of top officials and the nitty gritty of it’s expanded powers has yet to be clarified. Who cares if the MCAC has 20,000 or even 100,000 officers if it is not given adequate powers nor sufficiently transparent. For that matter, it isn’t even clear what sort of a Parliamentary Committee the MCAC would be reporting to. As a matter of good governance such a Parliamentary Committee should include members of the Opposition as well.
After the surgery we found out she had removed a 16-pound mass from his abdomen. It was the biggest lipoma she had ever seen. Buster recovered (after one little mishap when he managed to prematurely remove his own stitches, leading to another surgery to repair the damage), and through the process he formed a special bond with Dr. Faulkner and made a lasting impression on the rest of the veterinary staff.
Here are a few photos from my trip,
Najib also shrugged off suggestions that Shahrizat’s continued leadership of the wing would hurt Barisan Nasional’s election preparations.
Mommy Tyme will be sending one lucky winner a Green Tea Sea Salt Scrub Bar- this is an extra hard, extra long lasting, low lather bar made with aloe oil, aloe gel, mineral sea salts, coconut oil, jojoba oil, glycerin, avocado and cucumber base and more... Skin loving ingredients!
Thanks for looking; and have a happy and healthy 2012!
Add flour and cream, alternating between the two.
- Review your resources – know your strengths
The firm said it would continue brewing McEwan's draught ales at the Caledonian Brewery in Edinburgh.
February sucks. Every year for ME - February sucks. I get moody, tired, unmotivated and generally I just don't feel like myself. I like to call it the February Blues. It's actually fairly common. I have been doing some reading on the subject in the last week or so and I came across some research done in December 2010, by some German Doctors. The research followed approx 2000 people in Germany (mainly women) - having them document on a daily online journal, how they were feeling on each specific day. The research also followed weather trends in those areas - and in the end the two were cross referenced and the results showed a definite link between mood & weather! They also stated that a Vitamin D deficiency can be a root source of the winter blues (I take 2000iu every day right now!), as well as a genetic inheritance from your mother! (I spoke to my mom a few days ago, who said she used to feel this way every now & then - so maybe?!). Another thought behind the winter blues is the reduced sunlight during the fall and winter months. Less sun = a reduced production of serotonin in the the brain. Serotonin in our bodies has a soothing, calming effect. The result of there not being enough serotonin is feelings of depression along with symptoms of fatigue, etc. So this is REAL folks, it's a reality for me!
Drew Rosenhaus said he is still in talks with the Panthers about veteran tight end Jeremy Shockey, although Rosenhaus believes Shockey likely will land elsewhere.
~Epictetus
12) VAMPIRE – The Crystals
Once again this year, I am very happy to host the Annual Auction to benefit Hand Papermaking Magazine. For those of you not familiar with the publication, it is not to be missed. Anyone with a love of paper should be a subscriber. And for those in the stationery retail business, you might think about offering the magazine to your paper-loving customers.
My grandparents TOOK IT AWAY from me!
Thirdly, a good mentor will have more experience and knowledge than you have therefore, they should be seen as an invaluable resource of wisdom (application of knowledge to everyday situations).
Stupidity
Anger Management (20) – Destroyed 5 vehicles using a Finisher
With my new Bavarian wool and silk hat and some stops for outdoor Gluehwein, we went around this interesting city tasting Schweinshaxe, Knoedeln, Pretzels, Leberkaese, Sauerkraut, Wusts and a lot of other dishes with brown sauces.
“Sorry Reg.” Bertie gave his right paw a quick lick. He got up and padded off a few paces then plopped down on his side like a sack of kittens.
Glasgow - Women's 60 meters
This is what we saw....what the hell??!! What is going on underneath that robe! Needless to say, we all had sick minds and found this to be hilarious! I couldn't stop laughing as Scrooge's head kept bobbing back and forth!
Aside from his good looks and skills in basketball, Kid Class is an upcoming producer/rap artist with lots of drive and motivation to reach his goals
I started dating my neighbour who was czechoslovakian. We argued a lot quite quickly in the relationship and we soon broke up.... that's when I met Steven Rhodes.
Even now, I carry what I got from the application process: the ability to think on my feet, to stand up for what I think is right even if everyone is saying the opposite, to push myself to explore my limits, to be a leader, to know my strengths and talents but know when to be humble about it, to take responsibilty for my own actions, to learn to work as a team… the list goes on.
It's been a busy week and my Nessa pin-up art isn't done yet. I've been carrying it around with me as I play with the kiddos, penciling as I go. It has narrowly avoided splatters of milk, and the embellishments of an eager one-year-old artist.
10…make a media kit.
At my table I sipped on my sweet tea and chowed down on the sweetmeats provided. When the young waiter came to clear my table away I cautiously enquired as to where the wagon or carriage offices were, as I wanted to buy tickets to travel. He shrugged and said he would ask the owner and disappeared. It was several minutes before I realised that the old man sitting at the next table (while his family walked around the park, he later told me) was trying to catch my eye. I smiled at him politely. He took this as an invitation to ask me where I was going to. As I thought he might be able to help me I told him: Ankh-Morpork.
As a newbie pumper, I’ve been experimenting with different site locations. (Important lesson- do not try to place an infusion set somewhere that you wouldn’t give a normal shot). I’ve taken a liking to placing the infusion set in my upper arm. I like the different location and it causes no problem in cooler weather, but is slightly more problematic in warmer weather. Without sleeves, the site is often the victim of door frames, driver seats, sports bras, and stares. Yep- people stare. Some ask questions, opening a dialogue for some good old fashioned education. Or smart-ass responses.
It's always interesting to see the dustjackets that publishers choose for their books.
I will attempt to describe how I built it for anyone interested. I was too focused on getting
But you are such an awesome little addition to our family!
I knew that my best shot was Gasper or Dr Fielding as the other drs are more like ok eat while you are pregnant don't worry about it and we will fill you up again when you have the baby but Gasper and Fielding are like ok don't get it taken out unless you have to. Long story short( little late for that I know ) I get there, have gained 9 POUNDS!! in 3 weeks, Gasper almost died too!!! He gave me 1.5 back and said come back if you want more!!
Okay, first things first. I LOVE the cover. I usually hate covers where you can actually see the models' faces, but this one... This is AWESOME. They both just look so bad ass. And then there's Chris/Chase with his rugged handsomeness... *drools*. I personally wouldn't mind if he was the only guy alive on Earth with me.
PS. I'm never organized enough to brine my turkey ahead of time, but this is the first year I injected it with butter, broth and spices...and let's just say this turkey was my best so far. Plus, you get to use this gigantic stainless steel syringe and you look like a crazy veterinarian. It's fun!
Home Improvement Projects in Glass
I already have the oversize chalkboard that we made for our last house, and I think it would be a great place for me to keep my "to do" lists. Of course, what office would be complete without shelving? And the curtains and pillows for softness.
You talked with love of Normandy
What’s more, I was also getting reports that Okrilla wasn’t allowing non-orcs into the outpost at all. Turns out that was kind of an exaggeration, other Horde races are free to go there, but from what I saw when I was there, any tauren or trolls or whatever that happen by definitely get a lot cooler reception than orcs. And so…again…I’m all for orc pride. Totally down with that. And yeah, I might have gotten a complaint or two about my decision to restrict Orgrimmar’s main residential areas to orcs and tauren, but here’s the difference. That was a tactical decision about the defense of the city. Yeah, bitch all you want about the undead or blood elves not having their own houses there anymore or whatever, but I’m still not trying to stop them from COMING to the fucking city. Some blood elf wants to come in and do some business, see a trainer, use the portals, pick up a few assignments for jobs in the outlying zones, just hang out with some friends, whatever, great, have at it. Unless he’s Johnny Awesome. Then, fuck him. But anyway.
½ cut butterscotch chips
The dogs need to have a walk whatever the weather is doing, so we decided, in for a penny, if we were going to get wet, we might as well get wet somewhere nice.
It is accepted wisdom that al-Qa’ida’s core leadership has been decimated by the drone strikes, and now spends much of its energy avoiding detection rather than plotting new attacks.
I am Mr David McClean. I have a secure and confidential business proposal for you. I will give you more details as regards this transaction as soon as you notify me of your interest. Awaiting your urgent reply via my personal email address davidmcclean53@gmail.com)
Don't waste your time,
The Duke is Mine by Eloise James (audio)
Wash 1C. sushi rice 4X in cold H2O until H2O runs clear. Add 2C. H2O to rice along with 1 Tsp. sal de mer and bring to a boil. When rice reaches a boil, stir, reduce heat to low, and cover for about 20 minutes until rice has absorbed H2O. At the end of cooking, add 1Tblsp. mirin and 4 Tblsp. rice vinegar, remove from heat, stir in 2 Tblsp. black sesame seeds and cover until you are ready to assemble gunkan.
8. Once in a night
WOW…. COMPELLINGLY AWESOME…. FAVORITE OF THE NIGHT….. THIS WOMAN IS A REAL GRITTY, BLUESIE, ROCK PERFORMER …. a combination of Kim Carnes, Janis Joplin, Pat Benatar, Tina Turner, Mary J…… She showed so much attitude, confidence, command of the band, with this performance… and PS..loved the duet with Stevie in the coaching session. Standing O…. Is it possible that this “older” woman could win this thing?????
I haven’t written about love in approximately four to five years. I used to do this; it used to come naturally. For some reason, I stopped. Maybe I stopped myself and eventually found no reason to do so. Whatever my reasons were years ago, they were enough to keep my hands off my keyboard when it came to writing and love.
Twitter is one of the most fascinating conundrums of Web 2.0. It is in itself a micro-blogging system. Much like blogging, people use Twitter for various reasons. The rules of Twitter (character limits per post) force you to choose your words carefully. I find Tweets hold much more sway than your normal Facebook update. If someone is following you on Twitter they are much more attentive to your Tweets. With mobile devices, almost everyone gets the tweets right to their phone; it is practically a text message from a friend. The person is highly likely to check what you Tweeted because 1) they decided to “follow” you, and 2) they know it is only going to be 140 characters or less. There is no internal struggle of “do I have time to read this?” Or the, sigh and head shake of “this person is updating their status again!” A Twitter follower knows what to expect and are often happy to follow along. To borrow from Seth Godin they have given you “permission” to market to them.
Burn the end of 18-gauge copper wire with a torch until a ball forms at the end of the wire. Pickle the copper wire in a warm acid pickle bath to remove the oxidation formed when burning the end of the wire. Rinse the copper wire with water to remove the acid pickle residue.
And casual hypocrisy,
I don’t remember how I came up with this story. In this story there’s a woman that was trapped into a lake.
Thank you Lord.....
Don’t overuse who, which and that. Relative pronouns bog down sentences. It’s so easy to get carried away with them. You don’t ever want to have more than one “that” in a sentence. Break it into two sentences if you need to.
Maid of Honor – Emily Grieves
For you who are familiar with K-Pop will definitely knows this boy band. Or probably you are a fan of MBLAQ, you have to know everything about this boy band for sure. MBLAQ consists of 5 members, they are Seungho, G.O, Lee Jun, Thunder, and Mir. As long as I know, they are very popular in Korea. I can’t say anything more about MBLAQ because I don’t know them so well, I’m afraid that I will be mistaken and make A+ (a name given for MBLAQ’s fandom) going mad at me. But, all I know is each member of MBLAQ can be good father in the future.
Natural Family Planning (NFP)
Tomorrow is a meeting with the guy who will install the brick in the front of the house and around the fireplace at 9:00 fricking AM.
I have a thing about giving far too much information. My mom has also told me I have the gift of gab. I can see someone in the store and talk and talk and talk...
Billy Cobham – Spectrum
Over the paper doll
Hi all!
4. What are three of your bad habits?
It was also great to see two of my friends work on the same page! Suzie of Urban Road and Maree of Little Branch.
When we think of mentoring we most often than not think of the definition of mentoring given at the start of this article, but there is another form of mentoring which is just as powerful and effective as traditional mentoring relationships – peer-to-peer learning relationships.
The HHS states that patient and consumer organizations are already playing a role in raising public awareness and developing information, tools and resources to help patients and families effectively engage with their providers to avoid preventable complications. Partnership for Patients welcomes additional patient and consumer participation.
This week we heard the Daly’s claim that German bank Deutsche Bank had been interested in acquiring, for “hundred of millions” the €457m of loans owing to NAMA. NAMA’s action will have put an end to David’s involvement in those talks which he had initiated. Oddly enough Deutsche Bank was the bank cited by Paddy McKillen’s Maybourne group last year as being a candidate to re-finance that group’s loans which were NAMA-bound. According to RTE, the court was told by David’s barrister that he had always had a good relationship with AIB and never missed a payment and ominously perhaps for NAMA, that there were similarities between David’s business and Paddy McKillen’s. Like Paddy, David’s properties generated enough rent to cover interest payments and like Paddy, David had no opportunity to make representations to NAMA before his loans were acquired.
I do sincerely apologize that your server on Saturday did not communicate clearly with you how the Eat The Whole Menu should have been applied to your party. That mistake ruined what should have been a fun and enjoyable evening for you. I appreciate your feedback on this and it will be used constuctively. I assure you that I will address how this particular issue gets handled in the future so that our efforts to accomodate our guest will end up pleasing them. I know that we probably won't be seeing you again at The Bent Brick but your feedback will be used to improve our service in the future. I hope that you will put this response, unedited, on your blog. I will put this exchange on the Bent Brick blog so that our followers can see how we are trying to improve their experience night in and night out.
Me: THOSE BOOKS ARE GENIUS!!!!! MY BOOK WILL BE A DISASTER UNLESS I MAKE IT JUST LIKE IT!
Then mums get up, wash their red eyes, put a smile on their faces and said "yes my munckin" from the heart the way only a mum can.
Karla: Wow! I guess so! Being so busy, do you stick to a daily writing routine, or squeeze it in wherever you can?
The Donor support, Julie, is one of the best people I have ever met. Genuinely. She is kind, and compassionate, caring. She is funny, and generous, with a warm heart and a giving soul. I envy her for the job she has, and the life she’s living, the legacy she’s leaving. She gets to travel to India four times a year, and she is facilitating the joy of children to dozens of people. She meets new people all the time, and although she’s away from her family for long periods, and she’s often away from her own little boy, I don’t think she would change a thing.
Then there’s the no-driving-for-six-months-following-a-seizure law in my state. Six months. Half a year. My grandchildren’s half-birthdays (yes, they celebrate them). 180 days. A change in season. Two trimesters of a pregnancy. Almost 2/3 of a school year.
Roger Taylor – Drums
Add steaks to the bag, seal and place in the refrigerator for 2 hours.
It was his turn to go silent now. The words hit him hard and he felt a part of him go numb. He did not know what to say next. His mind had gone totally blank.
PS: The Hispanic shooter, whom the media so desperately wish was white
The Electrician and I made it through, and LUCKILY, this one was not one that would do any damage, there were a total of 3 tornado’s that touched down today, and None of them did any damage.
I have worked as hard as anyone in the industry and have played my part in generating tens of millions of dollars in revenue for agencies and clients. A lot of profits have been made as a result of my efforts. All that being said, my compensation has always been salaried with a small percentage of my salary coming as a bonus some years. And by small percentage, I'm talking 10% maximum and as an overall average through the years more like 3%-5%. Regardless of how much revenue I generate or how much profit a client might make as a result of my efforts, I know as a media buyer that I will never make $500,000 a year, nor should I.
Tomorrow evening, Jews around the world gather to retell and celebrate the Exodus. At some seder tables, undoubtedly, there will be some allusion to the sufferings inflicted on the Palestinian people, in our name. But I don’t think that can suffice. Our hopes and efforts really imply a new Exodus, out from the Occupation mentality, the Mitzrayim, that justifies such cruelty and the doing to others what we ourselves have found so hateful that we have retold its story for thousands of years. I spoke of Jewish activism as –educative– from the Latin to lead out. I see Jewish activism here and in Israel as leading out from the idea of tikkun olam toward a new evolution of Jewish consciousness, not only against the Occupation but in solidarity with all who are trying to liberate themselves. Let’s not deceive ourselves: this is not a simple or straightforward movement. It’s a long sojourn in a different kind of desert, a sojourn to be shared with others, and I believe the people of Jewish Voice for Peace are part of its reality.
Him, the man of my dreams
Astronomers and astrophysicists are beginning to accept that every energetic object in the universe has a plasma associated with it. Plasmas are detected by trace electromagnetic radiation (light, x-rays, radio waves), or in some cases, by the interaction of their ions and electrons with other objects.
At one point, Jack was "pitching" and Ben was "batting". Ben apparently hit Jack's pretend pitch deep into right field. Jack was NOT happy. He seriously could not believe that Ben hit his perfect pitch so far. Then, he really became irate when he realized that nobody was playing right field and Ben was surely going to score a homerun. I'm sure that in his head, he was mathematically calculating how this was going to damage his ERA in the pretend baseball league.
Shoulder Press 5-5-5
webbjuic@comcast.net
There have been struggles, sure, but it’s all been good somehow.
But the idea of losing my departmental seniority and having to teach freshmen, or sophomores (or "freshman," as I like to call them) is enough to make me google "hermitage."
Charlie Chuck’s career mirrors enormous social changes in Britain over the last 50 years.
The tents of the sleeping army, the fields’ and woods’ dim out-line,
Last year they were convinced autism was caused by vaccinations and now that’s been dismissed. Meanwhile, there’s a whole lot of kids running around who are going to get things like whooping-cough because their mothers are afraid to vaccinate them. I suspect that’s why a lot of people are homeschooling their kids.
Knowing I had to get up in a very short while, and half-listening for the dog to return to the door, I slipped into some sort of fugue state between sleep and awake. I don't know how to explain it. I definitely started dreaming, but I was also vaguely aware of the couch...do you know what I mean?
Today, I’m going to tell you about my favorite thing to do. And no, it’s not reading.
Then they rested on the sabbath according to the commandment.
Neither of us are dessert people – but he was tempted by the Bailey’s Irish Cream chocolate mousse cake and I succumbed to a Peppers classic desert – bread and butter pudding (served the Ruffles way with berry compote and toffee ice cream). It topped off the magnificent meal.
(Matthew 6:33 (NIV))
And few that’s gone we still regret,
Phase one was to release the teaser campaign to a worldwide digital audience to inform, remind and generate interest for the event. Herewith is the first release of the One Show 2012 Call To Entry teaser.
But I was also going through a divorce, and all its related tough personal stuff – and I was reading/experiencing a lot of writing/music/art that was helping me a great deal. I wanted a forum to share some of this, too, and explore a bit why it was meaningful to me. I didn’t think the reader of my publishing blog would care in the slightest bit what I thought of some particular piece of poetry! So I decided to just have two blogs.
Humpties 2
Look around at all the workers that went on "strike" today. Oh that's right, there really weren't any. Because OWS, you are not the voice of America, you're the offspring of all that's wrong with her.
(1-800-583-2964)
Among the brokenhearted was John Wandzilak (pictured), a life-long Dodgers fan from Greenpoint. He was at Queens College that first year without “dem bums” and eased the pain through a tried and true method: writing poetry.
a brilliant hint of pink and greens
grate each piece
her on the way to Botany Bay? Does she even get there? You’ll have to read the book to find
So, here I was, all 5'2" exploring the Bronx with nothing but a pair of flip flops and a few case files. Don let me know he'd be running late, (blast the MTA and their unlimited metrocard inflations!) so I decided that, rather than risk it, I'd open this puppy up before the clock struck eight. After wrongly wandering into the actual post office across the street, looking ever regal in its always pip-pip-cheerio-fashion, the attendant kindly pointed me across the street to a glowing neon red sign reading "Postnet". Well, that makes sense.
INXS Beautiful girl AUS
Don't know what the promised video version would have entailed, but as usual I see faint images of dry ice, shots from below into the lights and ungainly close-ups of a sweaty brow.
Reginald outlined his plan and then had Bertie repeat it back to him four times, to make sure he remembered it correctly. To Reginald’s mild surprise, Bertie appeared to have grasped the plan and gave clear and insightful answers when questioned. Satisfied that they were as ready as they would ever get, Reginald hurried them onward. They covered the rest of the way to the top in less than half an hour and made it near the summit right about mid-day, as planned.
taking, as you did, this world as it is not as I would have it;
The survival strategy will be presented in Part 4.
A Cesarean birth hasn't been on my radar, so to hear that got my heart racing.
All of the ground-floor stripes are connected by a series of unique tables. The Dining Room table can be extended with a leaf, the Shaker Box tables can be raised or lowered, the Living Room table doubles as a chandelier and can be lowered from the ceiling. All of the tables can be joined together for huge dinners, or twice a year to form a catwalk that can connect to the stairway in the void for the fashion designer’s new collections.
You know what I'm most interested in?
--The number of office space has been cut by more than two-thirds, and the original number of promised office jobs, 10,000, may be as few as 2,229, with fewer than 700 of them new.
My road test is next week... (*gasp!*)
One of my favorite stories comes from Rome, where I met a funny old man on the main road leading into the Vatican. I had wandered away from the group to explore the trinkets for sale in various kiosks and to take in the surrounding architecture without an annoying tour guide babbling in my ear. A cart selling “silver” charms caught my eye, so I walked over and marveled at all the beautiful baubles.
I remember, as a child, seeing someone on television crying, and I couldn't figure out why. Everything about the circumstances seemed festive, positive. It might even have been Miss America accepting her crown.
Husband: Manny Franks (her agent, m. 10-Jan-1945, div. 10-Dec-1956)
* Let the kids choose one of the kids kits at Hobby Lobby (hopefully when they are on sale), and take a day to actually do it!
1-3 tsp. chlorella
2 ½ cups all purpose flour
Lower right (Maia's): cucumber slices; apricots; carrot; 1/4 sandwich; cantaloupe.
Yellow (12): posts for Anna's blog, titled Anna's Aphorisms.
I have wanted to blurb for days, but things keep coming up, and I haven't gotten around to it. Since my memory has as many holes in as my kitchen colander, I've probably forgotten most of the things, but here goes BLURB-O-RAMA!
Maybe a movie night and goodies bags with things like their workbook,water toys,card games ,etc.Ideas are welcomed!!!
Favorite animal: Dogs, and lion cubs.
Benefits from: A slick reduction in corporation tax and the top rate. The budgets planned expansion of oil exploration in the north sea. The Oily man’s future looks slick.
Jesus Christ IS the Church!
The idea is to have an exciting story interspersed with plenty of robot facts - of the kind that will, I hope, appeal to the age group in question and, with luck, will pull in some reluctant boy readers. It's for this reason that I have acquired yet another name - the author of the books will be Sam Warren - the younger, geekier brother, perhaps, of Rosalie!
I wince and fall to one knee when I spot it, a stray flare off of the son. Looking at it, thinking about it, causes pain. I reach out to it, as if it was a pin jabbed into my side and I realize it is screaming across the sky.
The scaffolding has been removed from 6802 Fourth Avenue, now that the repairs to the parapets on the roof have been completed.
So Mum and I decided that rather than framing it, it would be a good idea to make the piece into a wall hanging. So Mum found some lovely black and gold fabric which complements the black of the stitching and the little gold beads that had been used as embellishments and we got to work!
Every time I go to the mall, I can't say no to those delicious Mall Pretzels. The smell hits me as soon as I hit the food court. I love the crispy outside and soft inside. I enjoy dunking them in mustard or melted cheese. Last night I was brain storming ideas for the Monday recipe and I thought pretzels! I told my husband right away that I was going to make mall pretzels. He looked at me and laughed so hard and said, "your going to bake homemade pretzels? Please don't burn down our apartment." Well this just made me 1000 times more excited to make pretzels, just so I could prove my husband wrong.
Satan is at work today. He has power to change the weather. He has power to make people ill. He has power to heal people from illness. He has the power to send UFO’s to earth. He is called the “prince of the power of the air” (Ephesians 2:2.) He is performing lying wonders to deceive the world. Because we are living under grace, he is permitted by God to cause havoc on the earth. Do not be deceived but also do not be afraid. Paul writes in 1 Timothy 1:7
still kicking the can
“The Permanent Instruction of Alta Vendita” in an outline
After months of planning, designing, plotting and a whole lot of coffee - we were so excited to head to New York for the official release of Fat Tabby Studio!
1/2 tsp. oregano
Daily, in a spritz-bottle as a refresher or to straighten edges or stretch hair to style.
1/2 cup light corn syrup
Without further ado, I'd like to introduce the subject of this week's posts, Martha:
This president went before the United Nations and castigated Israel for building settlements. He said nothing about thousands of rockets being rained in on Israel from the Gaza Strip. This president threw –
these today, looking a little closer at
1 cultivating
He is messianic and gives them a sense of purpose and mission, though one of them says they should really recreate Shackleton's expedition, because it ended in failure, and they know all about failure. The affection between them and the way they care for each other was nice. I wish I had fellow jobless mates to hang out with & lift each others' morale.
I did not have to wear a suit for a business lunch but I did have to pull myself out of my pajamas to meet a friend for a casual walk through Target.
What is my greatest wish?
Chard from the Seattle Tilth sale last May is still producing. I just checked to see that their edible plant sales are not that far away. Here's a link to their website.
Coat minced pork with corn flour and deep fry them until golden brown. Put the deep fried pork aside. Heat up wok and pour in a little vegetable oil. Saute garlic until fragrant. Add a little water, tomato sauce, onion, bell pepper, salt and sugar. Bring to a boil.
Mr. Williams’ life and music will be discussed by Old Time Country Music Hall of Famer Mr. Murphy.
Also, what’s going on with that dog? Gotta be a Chekhov’s gun thing, (Chekhov’s dog?) but I can’t work it out.
Obviously not all acts that are successful suffer this fate. Will Young is a prime example mentioned in the article. I personally don't watch these shows any more, I find it to be simply boring now, dull and repetitive. X-factor has been going for years now and after a while they all merge into one. Big Brother was suffering this very fate and at least had the decency to try and have a noble death before it became too milked. I really enjoyed the first three or so series of Big Brother. Now however I could only tell you a couple of the winners and even with that only a few more of the other contestants featured.
Have you ever had anyone in your family ask you these questions. “Why are you always reading those books?” or ”Why are you always doing those devotionals?” I know i have in the past. Some people who just don’t understand the value of a good devotional and how it can change your heart and your focus on life.
my purpose in another way. Still in Florida — near
Here's what else she is doing...
Guitar: Ken Kesey
Slowly light strengthens, and the room takes shape.
And He ordered the believers to take a firm stand against the enemy when you (believers) meet their force, and to remember Allah go(much) at the time of horror, as He said:
A chance joke on a Facebook post originated by The Ancient And Inscrutable Legume Hisself got me to thinking.
He sated that Iraq is now sovereign, stable and self-reliant; and noted that the future of Iraq is now in the hands of the Iraqi people.
Quantum mechanics may explain how birds actually see the earth’s magnetic field, at a subatomic level, and how they can tell a northern direction. Evolution has no explanations for such subatomic sensing. But this design feature is “clearly seen.”
“Done. I will pick you up from there. Ummm, but can I request you something?”
as many of you know i'm a Jersey girl - last week hurricane Irene stopped by for a visit - here are some pictures i took yesterday as i was driving through the town next to mine, Cranford - remind you, these houses you will see are NOT in a flood zone, FEMA has been there since the storm, people are getting tickets b/c looters are coming and trying to take their stuff off the curbs (has to stay there for FEMA and the insurance companies to see so they can give you $$) - literally these homes were water front property from the storm!
“When did you first love me?” she asks, yet again.
- In 1909 a German publisher created a book of Larsson’s drawings, which became one of the publishers bestsellers and helped to increase interest in Larsson’s work.
Creepiest!
1 and 1/2 months ago I had an experience in Eucharistic Adoration which enlightened me that my discernment is no longer discerning God’s will, but discerning what tools He has equipped me with. I have one of two tools. I either have a very broad love that is able to encompass the community and the Church, or a love that is very narrow in scope and directed to one other person. This has been the theme of my discernment over the past month. I really thought though that I was called to seminary either way. However the issue now is that I seem to be finding more and more that as I embrace a more narrow idea of love that is rooted in a holy relationship, my past sores and scars begin to feel as if they are being healed over. I find myself more capable of complete forgiveness of self and others.
What is your #1 piece of advice about staying safe in college or keeping your things safe in college that you would pass on to incoming students?
New Jersey Beer Company, based in North Bergen, was recently added as a contract brewer and last week brewed a Belgian brown (Abbey Brown, 7% ABV) for the Boaks label.
Naturally.
fucking.
Bake in oven for @ 20 mins.
Piece of almond bread
should adopt the name "Bavaria" for its brands, but nevertheless this alcohol; free beer is a huge improvement on the Becks version, and quite drinkable, However, it still lacks that certain something. Most alcohol-free beers can contain up to 0.5% alcohol-by-volume, but Bavaria claim their version is different in that it's specially brewed to
This romance ebook video synopsis post, is presented by Laura Meets Jeffrey, a brand new romance ebook featuring the love and romance exploits of Laura and Jeffrey during the ’1970s and early ’1980s. Laura Meets Jeffrey . The new romantic ebook is told from both sides of the relationship, having first point of views from both Laura and Jeffrey. Great piece of romantic literary work and engaging adult ebook!
09/13/2010 SELL 0.01 audcad 0.9608 10/15/2010 1.0015 -43.88
And one more dependent on fitness
As you can see I have 2 cards to show you which I coloured!! not my favourite activity that's for sure lol
Now if you had a being that was more attuned to that level of reality, it could not only shift frequencies within that ambient field, it could also affect you from a non-local field.
-The positioning of pull up banners is a breeze, and it can be done by one person, without needing a work crew to initially do it for you. All it takes is only a moment to position it, and then you are done.
No, you won'' t grow quality witloof crops again, but after some time you'll see small leaves grow out of it, still a delight to add to a salad or dish.
If you wish to purchase a copy of Verses and Visions now, we've included a pre-publication discount order form. By placing your order now you'll receive a $10.00 contributor's pre-publication discount. Please note we've selected your poem for publication because we feel it makes an important contribution to this volume. There is no need to make a purchase, and your poem may still be published even if you do not purchase a book. If you choose to own a copy of Verses and Visions and are not completely satisfied upon its arrival, then we will refund your purchase immediately.
An entrepreneur’s lawyer, accountant, or marketing consultant may provide some level of support when a problem arises. But mentoring is about the big picture, not just the legal, accounting, or marketing piece of the puzzle. Mentors don’t sugarcoat anything and the dynamic that develops between the entrepreneur and the mentors is one of supportive criticism.
Pho Tai - For a quick cheap bite, located underneath the escalator or on Bonham Street in Sheung Wan - a vietnamese place that serves the best cold rolls in Hong Kong.
Wefaq-Media-Democracy
The following are 24 facts that prove that America is a nation of slobs….
In order to have such a “time delay,” he would therefore be located somewhere off this planet. He also used certain code phrases, and I guess I will have to listen to portions of what he said again because I couldn’t understand some of what he said as I was listening from the kitchen while making breakfast as I usually do with a lot of Kerry’s stuff as usually it is not important to hear every word clearly, but I think some of this is very important.
This trip also led us down the road to the nearly deserted town of Dragoon, named for its proximity to the Dragoon Mountains. So where did the name "Dragoon" come from? I had to google and found that before they were called the cavalry, they were called the dragoons following in the European tradition from before 1776. Interestingly, considering the persecution of the native people in the area by the United States military of the 1800s, wikipedia also says that dragoon means "to subjugate or persecute by the imposition of troops; and by extension to compel by any violent measures or threats." A sad but true history; recall yet move on with blessings upon those who suffered.
Here’s something not everyone realizes:
Also, you should probably start reading the words I write. Like the time I explained the extra group work at the bottom of each night’s post is FOR REGIONAL FUCKING COMPETITORS, and corresponds to which week their regional is. I blame this all on Drywall, Tom K., Jeff Binek, LGA, Elisabeth Akinwale, and all the other vigilante site moderators who are now spending more time concentrating on their preparation for regionals, instead of keeping a watchful snarky eye over the site that they are using to prepare for regionals (is that ironic? finally?). Fuck you guys for leaving me to deal with this all by myself. I hope you’re happy with your workouts.
My workhorse self opened a few documents today. Then my lazy self showed up and said Whatevs. So that was the end of that. But not before I went through some self-judgment about laziness.
I've now read many of Xinran's books and they all make me sad but this was the very first one I read. I have Chinese heritage as well, so this was special and important to me. I have two sisters, together we make three. This book was partially based on a true story. Simply and beautifully written. Xinran's books make me sad because she writes about some awful things that have happened to completely unsuspecting communities and people. I remember when I was in Hong Kong reading one of her books, I kept thinking, this could happen to me. These women were leading lives like I'm leading right now, going on about their business and suddenly everything changes...
OPTION #3: Pagan Kings
Number screening for messaging and calls
And that’s the story of Procrastinating Pete. Don’t you feel more enlightened for having heard it?
I just wanted you to see these two alternative covers for Wasted, designed by pupils as part of a competition.
Well, still got a ways to go here. The roof needs worn and missing shingles. The sides need some crooked and weathered clapboards. Basically the whole thing needs to get more haunted. But I'll keep at it and keep you updated.
I don't want to waste time.
centre of lid & under the brow
maggie and milly and molly and may
Did you know every one of the soldiers who fell and never got back up?
They offer quality, affordable prescription eyeglasses to fit every budget.
And good for him. At least he hasn’t dressed as a giant panda and made a joke about there being more pandas than MSPs suspended by their parties in Parliament.
It’s day 4 of our gratitude journaling experiment and Thank the Angels, we’ve hit some major breakthroughs. You see, we were really inspired to start this little project because we know we have the power to improve things for ourselves–but we were a little bummed.
Turns out that besides being rays of cheeriness, sunflowers are an important tool for studying honeybee behavior.
No Electricity = No More of These Things:
Such boundless pleasure
Vinay: Being at KIS gave me the independence I needed to grow as a person. It gave me mental strength….I learned how to handle situations on my own. I learned about diplomacy and how to be a good speaker. I used those abilities in Drama, which I enjoyed being a part of. Living as a community helped me build strong, family-like bonds with people. I learned to have empathy, and helping people became important to me. I was able to do this with Social Experience and Youth Rise. Bryan Plymale is my favourite teacher….he taught me so much about charity and sustainability. He has such a positive and motivating attitude….he’s my guru!
For the pasta salad, I used:
When working out becomes a staple in your everyday routine, it becomes less of a chore and more of a necessity for life. This begins to creep into your subconscious and before you know it your good friend Mr./Mrs. Conscience haunts you for having missed your daily exercise routine. Next thing you know you’re craving a workout, or some form of energy release. Last night I was knee-deep into a video game (yes, I’m an avid gamer) and tossed my evening workout to the side. It was fine until about 8 o’clock. Then suddenly I’m receiving all of these messages from my brain constantly letting me know how disappointed my body was for missing the workout.
Very quick today as I have a long afternoon ahead of me in work (training, so sitting on bum for a long while...)
into her white cotton nightdress, fresh that day
Boooo! Hisss! Nasty, brutal police! But wait…
Each one is named with a variation of the word "kumari" (maiden or virgin princess) - "Shonakumari," "Ratnakumari," "Vidyakumari."
However, enforcing the fiduciary duty inevitably militates against selling land at below-market rates.
PRIZES & SURPRISES & A CHALLENGE!!
The porter is an interesting beer (and singular--it's currently the only SOB beer on tap). It's brewed with a lager yeast but apparently at ale temperatures, if the flavor was any clue. Call it a steam porter. The strongest note is tangy and not quite identifiable--at first I think it's headed in a sour direction, but then it finishes out with a currant tartness. It's a creamy beer, with notes typical of porter--dark grains, roast, and coffee/bitter chocolate. I suggest it's fermented warm because, while the beer is a bit drier than a typical porter, it's sweeter and fruitier than a
Bunnings Northland
The sole and absolute male counterpart to PMS in females. Multiple changes in behavior at various times in the month is characteristic of this affliction.
They wouldn't issue us a check right then and there and said we would have to call another number to request that we get a reimbursement. I called the next day and let them know it was ridiculous that I had to call and request my money be reimbursed in the first place. I got the run-around and was told that since it was "such a small amount" I was continually put on the end of the reimbursement list because they always pay from the largest amount to smallest. So I guess until nobody else had a reimbursement due more than $240 we weren't getting ours?! I probably made 15 phone calls and waited almost 4 months before we finally got the money that they had owed us for almost 2 years!
Got the tire changed, got the car repacked, (left a bottle of Reisling for the folks whose driveway we used, hope they aren't recovering alcoholics) and got going again. I crashed out in the back seat using the pillow Mom had brought for me. I'd been awake for 27 hours now.
Al-Suyooti said in his commentary on the hadeeth (2/1242):
I mentioned earlier about how some of the characters leave a funny taste in my mouth and Katelyn's gun yielding grandfather and the neighbour next door Trick are a few to keep an eye on. There's some secret that they aren't willing to share. To them keeping her in the dark and well protected leaves me with a million questions that I need answered. What are they hiding?
whose cries precede liberation for the oppressed.
1. I make sure I am all stocked up on my cleaners. For my spring cleaning, I typically use Basic H which is an all purpose cleaner, window cleaner, and degreaser in one, Scour off, Nature Bright & Basic G. I only use non-toxic cleaners in my home. (Cleaning with toxic cleaners does more harm than good). I place everything in my caddy (shown below), along with the trash bags & rags.
So I was given exactly what I asked for, clear verbal and visual communication and a definite experience of mediumship, and I rejected it. Figures. But I felt that I was doing what I needed to do to keep myself safe.
And so we come to the fifth and last step: to meet Christ yourself. For the risen Christ is very much alive; and I believe that he will reveal himself to you if you ask him to, and if you make room in time and efforts to find him. Seek him in his Word, in his sacraments, in his real presence in the Blessed Sacrament; in prayer, in his Church, in those who follow him most closely.
There will appear at first to be more of negativity, more of violence. You’re getting it all up, out in the open, so that you can really finally, finally see what the choices are, Dark and Light, and allow yourself to choose the reality you really prefer.
I forget who sang the song might have been John Denver. I am not having a diamond day anway. I should be grateful for being healthy, having someone to love me etc but sometimes things get you down and they don’t even have to be big things. I am doing a BA online and it’s hopeless. We are up to week 10 of this semester and the lecture notes only go up to week 4. Two of the lectures so far have no audio so they are useless to external students. On the ones that do record the tutor talks to the students who are there but we can’t hear their answers. Then they ask the tutor a question and we can’t hear the question. It’s so frustrating.
The unelected European Commission has repealed the 1980 Ankara Accord between what was then the EEC and Turkey, and replaced it with a major change to the rights of Turkish citizens in the EU. The proposal was presented to a working group (we know not who) eleven days ago on March 30th, and approved by that same anonymous gathering. It specifically adds that ‘A first package with similar proposals in respect of Algeria, Morocco, Tunisia, Croatia, the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia and Israel was adopted by the Council in October 2010′ and that this too will be updated to bring it into line with the Turkish proposals.
about contraception?
I decide, hey, these are really good teachers, it's a sucky time of the year (Wednesday was TAKS day, even,) and they deserve better than a mix, they deserve THESE brownies. Which are incredible, what with the boiled fudge icing and the real buttermilk and the two whole sticks of butter and the extra-dark Hershey's cocoa. (And then, dang it, you have all this buttermilk left over, and so you HAVE to make homemade buttermilk biscuits. Fuck. No wonder I'm fat.)
And hearts grow enamoured of divine delight
2. Someday, I'd like to be an event planner.
They need constantly to be countered by the ideas that underpin liberal democracy. In particular, we need to keep on propagating the idea that the real alternative to apartheid is not another form of social engineering designed to promote an impossible equality of outcomes but an open society committed to equality before the law, political and economic freedom, corruption-free and proper democratic government, and rising living standards for all.
as well as with relevant international institutions – e.g., the UNEP
Creamed Morels on Toast
Case in point Local utility "apples to apples" comparison price is 6.5 cents/kwh. The fine print on the aggregation notice I just got is at a rate of 7.2 cents/kwh for the next two months and 6.2 after that. Of course not guaranteed. Also being SNEAKY the next two months are the hottest, and that means air conditioning. So the high usage months are at a higher rate and you don't see any savings until it gets colder.
Suzi's a great gal who always has fun things to say on her blog. She's written some great books, including one called A Troll's Wife's Tale. How cool is that.
Track Listings
Unfortunately, as is so often the case, it began with paperwork: looting corpses, Preparing spells, scrolls, and other errata. Magic item lore checks… you name it. Finally I just practicaklly told them what most items were, then i was abrupt: forty-eight hours later, you see your chance to exit the town and make your way to the king’s barrow. You arrive at the black iron gates of the cemetary at ten pm. Shuffling sounds can be heard from within – then a woman’s shriek and more shambling moans.
by Chaucey Olcott and George Graff, Jr.
One Sunday Morning – Wilco
Teach us to number our days, that we may gain a heart of wisdom.
To Peter, 7 times was his maximum… think about it in terms of today’s society:
Justice Minister Ergin responded that such worries were baseless. The Peace and Democracy Party (BDP) has also raised concern that the law could be used to target Kurdish business people and the municipalities it holds in the southeast.
The Illinois Department of Health and Family Services has released a series of proposed regulations which it will be publishing in the Illinois Register on August 13, 2010. These regulations, in part, implement the federal Deficit Reduction Act provisions passed in February of 2006. For those in the Chicagoland area that are interested, there will be a 45-day public comment period as well as public hearings scheduled for September 13, 2010 at 9:00 a.m. at the Michael A. Bilandic Building, 160 North LaSalle Street, Chicago, Room 500.
If my first experience with Photoshop would’ve been that it would only work nicely after I had really finetuned it, I would never have given it a chance. I would pick a tool that the producers of would understand what the first impression should be.
Sting
5oz. cream cheese, softened
Hiked up my big girl skirt today and worked hard and late. I've said it before: the best defense for a stressful day of work is my work armor, which always involves a pencil skirt.
Now, I don't do product reviews.
I was delighted of course to enjoy the typical favorites. I love to eat Lo Mein and it was really good, the crab rangoon were fresh, crisp and delicious. The potstickers were soft, light and full of flavor. The chicken for the sweet and sour chicken was perfectly battered and fried. The sweet and sour sauce was that fake red sauce, which was disappointed because I would of loved to have seen the orange sauce with pineapples. There was chicken teriyaki skewers, egg rolls, mango chicken, peppered chicken wings, and some huge BBQ Ribs and so much more that is so filling.
As if a game of chess played by the world’s top 10 players, they maneuvered through the neighborhoods, wrong footed all concerned, destroyed properties and checkmated thousands of residents. The trail of destruction spanned neighborhoods from Orange County to Santa Barbara.
This solution was first heard of by Michael Schmidt of German magazine ‘Auto Motor und Sport’ (AMuS). Schmidt passed the tip off to Giorgio Piola who spent hours in the pitlane observing the Mercedes car and how mechanics handled the different wings. A task made additionally difficult, as he could not arouse suspicion by Mercedes and give away the fact he was researching the tip off.
Daf, Bahman Ghobadi, Iran. Documentary, 40 min.
I have to stop from time to time and ask myself this to get things back in perspective. It's not what clothes you wear, the house you live in, the car you drive. The people in your life that matter won't care about any of those things. If they do they are truly not someone you need in your life. Sadly I think at some point we all have or have had people like that in our lives. What is important to me may not be important to you. Do the people around you help you up or bring you down? There are to many people out there that hurt others ... to make themselves feel better? because they are bitter? I truly don't know why I just know that those are the people I don't need in my life.
John Barrowman, who worked with Sladen on Doctor Who, posted on twitter: "I loved my time on the Tardis with her. I am proud to have worked with such an icon of the sci fi world, your Dr Who family are very sad and will miss you and your beautiful smile."
It genuinely neutralizes $4, 840.
I haven't really had much of a chance to post here, we have been dealing with so much lately. For me, it has been a multifaceted medical mystery, for Heather some very scary and painful visits to the ER (but also a super cool announcement of an engagement), and Eric has had some stuff going that you can read about at his blog too. We are all super busy. Always seems to be that way, huh?
H: Although we get to hear a little more about the Brennan family, the Zacharovs remain our primary connection to the world of organized crime in these books.
There ain’t no-one hearing the bugle blown
1/3 cup + 1 tablespoon (78g) caster sugar
The initial commitment is for 5-10 hours per week, with a strong likelihood of this increasing as the studio continues to grow. Hours are flexible and after an initial training period, much of the work can be done remotely. Pay is $10/hour or $15/hour in barter for classes, treatments and studio use. A combination of pay and barter is possible.
The article lacks crucial context, such as explaining sufficiently why neighbors might be concerned about shoehorning an arena, at least on a couple of flanks, into a residential district, complete with an interim surface parking lot.
In “Empire of the City” E. C. Knuth said:
SO ALL in ALL i'm taking 1 year to better understand myself, explore life and it's opportunities, come up with a solid business plan, but for these 12 months to just be about ME and my BODY, MIND and SOUL - a super excursion if you will - i'm stoked!
Soo..here are things you should know about me if we're going to be blogging bff's ;) some obvious- some not!
The best reaction so far to this entire thing was from a little boy in my neighborhood. My mom was talking to his mom about the entire trip, and she mentioned the forty one pairs of flip-flops.
Thank you to all who find the time to follow, read and comment on my blog.
your own family.
Were I a little more "with it," I would have created this entry a week ago, and used it as on opportunity to plug two Dreams So Real reunion shows that had yet to happen (April 27th in Athens, GA, April 28 in Atlanta), but if those dates don't already make it obvious, I can only refer to them in the past tense. On the ball as usual.
Repeatedly our ego gets strengthened in that process either by relating or rejecting what we see and observe and feel.
Hope everyone is having an excellent week. I'm off to work--just for the fun of it!
Although his work fits in well with today's 'all new' comic scene, in the 70's his stuff must have been nothing short of revolutionary. At that time the comic industry really was all "superheroes and kids". There were a handful of people around making adult oriented comics (the aforementioned Robert Crumb, Gilbert Shelton with his Fabulous Furry Freak Brothers), but these were mainly "adult" because of their explicit content.
OK... Time to reclaim my bedroom and make advances on this laundry!
insidious plots and endless intrigue, begins with Devil Anse Hatfield (Kevin Costner) and Randall McCoy (Bill Paxton). Close friends and comrades during the Civil War, they returned to their neighbouring homes — Hatfield in West Virginia, McCoy just across the Tug River border in Kentucky — to increasing tensions, misunderstandings and resentments that soon exploded into all-out warfare between the two
My desire is to have this verse as a reality in my life. Planted and connected right to the source of life – God. Not just occasionally but all the time.
backward world,
Afterwards, Rich and I went to his neighborhood farmers market. I was wandering around and discovered Missionary Chocolates. They were giving away free samples on just about everything! I ended up buying three truffles: meyer lemon, vanilla salted caramel, and ginger. They were fantastic! So damn good. I also picked up some golden raspberries. Mmm.
Durango Brewing Durango Brewing Derail Ale
However, the purpose of this post isn’t to discuss any deep and profound philosophies of drinking coffee, but rather to show you some photos of some of my favourite mugs from which I drink this life-saving liquid. It has occurred to me recently that I collect mugs (it takes me a while to realise I’ve started collecting something else, as I tend to collect collections of things), and this revelation was mostly caused due to a distinct lack of space in my kitchen cupboards. At any rate, I won’t show you all of them, but just a few of my favourites (and I’ll explain along the way why I like them so much).
Very few of the original ANZACs remain with us now. They were the young men – boys really – of the Australian and New Zealand Army Corps who marched off to defend ‘the motherland’ at the beginning of the First World War, only to be pinned down on the cliffs of Gallipoli, pawns in a game of politics being conducted by London. It was a disastrous campaign, ending in massive casualties and ignominy, yet over the intervening decades, ANZAC has come to represent the maturation of the young nation of Australia (barely fifteen years old itself at the time), to the point that young people today see it as the first step in real independence from Great Briton. And there’s something to be said for that.
This kind of praying doesn’t just depend on the length of
17 Gillian says thanks + crowd noise 1:00
Bersih is targeting a total crowd size of 500,000. The Duduk dan Bantah rally will also be held across the nation and in 71 cities in 29 countries.
If you prefer a non-commercialized community, a Little Italy condo may just be the new home for you. Locally owned eateries offer homemade culturally fused dishes straight out of the cook-book of Sicilian relatives. Locally owned ground level retail stores and boutiques provide hand-crafted ceramic art and unique, beautifully designed jewelry. If you want to contribute to the development of your new community, join up with the Little Italy Association members. Personally oversee the continued beautification of Little Italy. Ensure residents, property and business owners are continually satisfied with clean streets, and the design of new buildings before their construction in the community.
I guess this is a long way of saying that since my earliest days I have always loved words and I've cultivated my love for them.
I do hope Derek Jarman's Jubilee figures peripherally large in the Diamond Jubilee celebrations. Released in 1977 in response to the Silver Jubilee, it body-snatched Punk in its depiction of sleep-walking UK, and today still looks more thematically contemporary than anything else listed on Imdb.com, if you're seeking a celluloid facsimile of street and cultural realities.
(Please forgive the delays and somewhat disjointed thoughts. I seem to be struggling with a bad case of postus interruptus)
The Chinese want to make us a trade hub in South Asia. The writer says China is not as much capable as the US of providing us defensive assistance, but it was the China that assisted us in the 1965 war against India. The US, on the contrary, …
Does Christianity truly consider women a chattel?
I don’t find Sarah Palin jokes particularly edgy, just funny, because they’re rooted in…wait for it…truth. Jesus Christ, the woman is a moron. We could quit making jokes about her tomorrow and she’d remain a moron.
I laughed, at least (when I read it, that is; of course I wasn't there!).
06 - Scrap
As for the ‘backlash against violent extremism among Muslims in the UK’ – I simply haven’t seen it. No doubt, as a journalist, Burke can search for isolated pockets of backlash. He will find them. But this reminds me of the time that the British Government, again circa 2006 (when Burke says things were pretty bad) starting looking into Islamic extremism in the UK. What did it do? Well, for a start they brought in the services of the Muslim Association of Britain (MAB), other Muslim ‘leaders’ and various ‘experts’. In turned out that many of these people also turned out to be extremists of various kinds. Burke’s Muslim ‘backlash’ against extremism still hasn’t produced a single Muslim march against Islamist violence. There hasn’t been a single march, of any kind, by an Muslim group against the indiscriminate bombing of Israelis, or British, American and European soldiers. And I think that there never will be. Not the least because ‘moderate’ intellectuals like Tariq Ramadam say that such extremist actions are mere ‘interventions’. If a rich and educated Muslim can say such a thing, then one must surely wonder what Muslims on the streets of Bradford think about these things.
After rounding off our first full day in Wuhan, we boarded a night train to Wudangshan where we encountered our passport debacle. A few days later, we would once again return to Wuhan well after the girls’ bed times, and a bit worse for the wear. Despite all this, a night’s rest in the same lovely hotel brought us another warm, sunny day in Wuhan. A nice place to close the book on this journey. We enjoyed a peaceful walk around the city, taking in the beautiful East Lake, and making our way back for our last meal of street food on our trip. Sure, the museum we wanted to see was closed (it was Monday), but the day was beautiful, the girls enjoyed some exercise equipment, much to the delight of the locals nearby. Our trip ended with an uneventful high-speed sleeper train back to Beijing. Our tour of central China complete, we were glad for a bit of rest before it all starts again when we head to Fujian and across the Straits to Taiwan.
FInally, it's Simple Lives Thursday! Have a look at the featured posts from last week and check out this week's submissions.
Stray Cats Runaway boys US
Ellington’s sister Ruth (1915–2004) later ran Tempo Music, Ellington’s music publishing company. Ruth’s second husband was the bass-baritone McHenry Boatwright, whom she met when he sang at her brother’s funeral.
...and believe me your going to wanna peep tonight's show...Confirmed by the man himself over the jack last night, Drasar Monumental will be mixing up nothing except his own beats this evening...yes you heard that correct, tonight's show will consist of nothing but Drasar's own beats, flawlessly mixed together by him and his partner in crime DJ Mad Planet...
I decided to take a simple approach at looking at the effect of ENSO. Using GISTemp Land/Ocean Index values and Ni¤o 3.4 values, I computed 12-month running averages of Ni¤o 3.4 and compared them to the average GISTemp values at lags of 0, 3, and 6 months. Foster and Rahmsdorf used a diferent ENSO index and found optimal lags between 2 and 5 months. So one would guess that a 3-month lag would fit the data best in my case, and indeed it did.
08 Sauveur Mallia - Synthetic Neutron
Mr. Ixolite was in Mexico on his holidays and was looking to try the hottest chili he could find. He went into a restaurant and ordered a hot one. After the fire in his mouth had been put out, and he sat there gasping for breath, the waiter came up to him and said, “Excuse me, Senor Ixolite, we are very sorry, but we accidentally gave you the wrong chili. We gave you the mild one instead of this very hot one. Would you like it?”
3. Bring the ends of the dough together and press it into each other.
What Turkle suggests is this, "Face-to-face conversation unfolds slowly. It teaches patience. When we communicate on our digital devices, we learn different habits. As we ramp up the volume and velocity of online connections, we start to expect faster answers. To get these, we ask one another simpler questions; we dumb down our communications, even on the most important matters."
Harry Fletcher of Napo, the probation union, said: “This is an unprecedented and unparalleled decision. There is a clear conflict of interest for the probation trust. We are appalled that the publicly run trust is entering into an agreement with a privately run company to make profits from publicly owned jails. The decision should be reversed without delay.”
Lorelai: Because then we can turn him into a frog.
Rather than bitterness, Segel’s fairytale ending expresses optimism that interfaith couples can achieve happiness. For those of us who grew up in functional interfaith families, interfaith love is not just a romantic fiction. We need to stand up and be counted, to let the world know that in spite of the obstacles our parents still love each other, that we are not confused, and that we draw creative power from our double-belonging.
I hope this week is going well for you. I am beading getting ready for my show, and also for a class this Sunday. Yes, I know it is mother's day but what's better than beading on that day? I have so many emails from people on how to loom bead. I am so glad that there is a high interest in it again. I have been doing it since I was a child. I use it in so many aspects of my art. Here is a necklace I finished this morning. It has a loom foundation, flatwork, brick stitch sculpture, peyote edging, embellishments, and loop dangles. If you want to get started in loom beading check out our beading looms in our Beadwright etsy store or our website nicolecampanella.com
#2 - Let that be a lesson to you: If you want to impress underage drinkers, always pay for their beer.
09 ROTWANG PURSUES MARIA Part 2 (Giorgio Moroder) 2'33
Publisher Wheaton, Ill. : Tyndale House Pub., c1991.
the first day or two of our trip, i was still thinking this was a normal birthday trip, though we were looking for my wedding dress. we shopped hard, and i ended up with a dress that i had seen online and loved. i tried on a handful of dresses while sipping champagne, but kept coming back to the first dress. we stayed at aria for the second time. we love that hotel. and the pool.
“Holy shit! It’s Mister Fucking Rogers!”
1659 English Restoration: A faction of the British Army removed Richard Cromwell as Lord Protector of the Commonwealth.
Now, if you ask me to bet on the likelihood that New York will successfully adapt to the advent of digital and the emergence of Amazon as a publisher, I would have to regretfully decline to bet very much. As I noted in my previous post, companies coddled by a lack of competition get flabby, and New York, which hasn't faced real competition in living memory, is now squaring off against a formidable competitor indeed. I don't think it's likely legacy publishers will be able to adapt and survive. And though I hope I'm wrong about that, my hope doesn't lead me to want to protect New York from competition, either.
Maybe it’s a little bold to invoke this quote after only a six-month experience, but this trip was the first time I jumped out there and went for it in a meaningful way. This I believe is going to be how I remember my time in New Zealand. It was a time in my life that I tried to life purely without regret, and the liberating environment of NZ made it possible.
First up….its a long awaited, much sought after treat. Ladies and gents….may I present….the man grunt.
Thus we had the situation in the Queensland State election recently where the Labor Party, which was in government, was punished by the voters and today holds only 7 out of 89 seats. They had done a bad job, and a lot of their “core” voters chose the Opposition. To the point where the vastly diminished Queensland Labor Party probably cannot function properly as an Opposition in the State parliament. In other words, there are hardly any “core” Labor voters in Australia anymore – very few people whose loyalty is unquestionable.
Europe-Ecology-the Greens (EELV) candidate Eva Joly won 2 percent, New Anti-capitalist Party (NPA) candidate Philippe Poutou won 1 percent and Workers Struggle (LO) candidate Nathalie Arthaud won 0.6 percent of the vote.
doesn’t even get a vote.
Read and annotate chapters 2-3 of The Great Gatsby. Check yesterday’s post for introductory materials related to Gatsby.
“I’ll do it later.”
SA intelligence services concentrate on domestical political battles within the ANC…
Her daughter eventually got the outcome that felt right – but she is still getting over the events of the last six years. “She is still young and everything is raw for her. She hates the label ‘transsexual’. She is just a girl who happened to need the surgery to make her genitals right”.
I'm coming to the end of my first long weekend for ten weeks. Consequently I'm as depressed as depressed can be. Never let me forget just how much I hate this job. Never. And tomorrow? Rain. Heavy at times, but always there. Unremitting, soaking, dispiriting fucking rain.
I already took out the trash looking like this,
Diddy - 42
Turn Left
We did a half hour of cardio (my minimum now – I go every day and I absolutely have become obsessed with working out) on a funky crosstraining machine that was part elliptical and part…stair climber? I picked the “Pike’s Peak” setting and about 12 minutes in was seriously regretting it and definitely feeling the burn – but I kept trekking through. It’s SO much more motivating to work out with a friend – we talked the whole time and it flew by. She showed me how to use some of the weight machines, so we ended up staying at the gym for a little over an hour. Afterwards, we went over to the locker rooms and I found out…
Here is Sandstorm Over the White Desert (reproduced with Jenny's permission)
Blink
***This design team call will run from December 1st- December 14th***
“I appreciate your dilemma: It is difficult to get anyone in the mainstream media to take much notice of a serious study of UFO activity. Although most national newspapers, including my own, the Daily Mail, do report credible UFO sightings, (and indeed we even report foreign sightings on Mail Online, which is the most visited newspaper web site in the world), there is a rarely much follow-up.
I hope these anecdotes satisfy the curiosity of the anonymous reader whose query prompted this post. To all readers, this by no means needs to be the last word. What are your stories of synchronicity, of meaningful coincidence? What were the times when your actions felt guided by an inner sense of rightness, or when something occurred to you that seemed to be outside the limits of statistical probability? Please share your story in a comment below!
And I guess that’s it? See you guys. Love you -kisses over the internet-!
At least weekly, as needed to add extra shine to hair.
Garnish with cilantro/coriander, sliced avocado and hot sauce….season to taste.
inside of me where no one else could see........
Okay, that’s probably a stretch, but anyway….
And then I saw the most wondrous thing of all. Not one, but TWO billboards for quilt shops. Now, perhaps in other parts of the country this is a normal thing, but I never thought of any quilt shop as being a big enough business to even afford a gigantic roadside sign, much less be able to benefit much from it. But there they were.
I’m wrapping up another Lenten season where I’ve given up fast food, alcohol (wasn’t too good on this one – darn that Oberon coming out on my birthday), and pop. This one seems different because, unlike the other ones where I felt happy at the end to get back the things I gave up, I just feel “meh” and I can’t quite put my finger on it.
We are off camping this weekend as a family. It'll be great to go camping us 4 as we haven't done that for years. James has grown up a lot more since, so hopefully it may be a bit more relaxed and enjoyable. I just hope the weather isn't too bad for us.
#4: He humors you when you try to explain how easy a 50k will be. "It's just this much....and then another half marathon....and then an easy 5 miles. Nothing!"
I don't know this toilet at all though. It certainly doesn't look familiar, and I have on so many occasions looked at the bright Armitage Shanks porcelain when spilling out after another empty night! I've gotta get outta here, this can't be right. Where the fuck is the canal....and where the hell is me typewriter?!
After he left the building, Connor went to the nearest trashcan, yanked his unfinished Simple Machines project from his binder, and tore it in half, then in quarters. The term was over; there was no point in hanging onto it now. A few pieces of tattered paper fluttered to the ground as he stuffed the can. Not bothering to pick them up, Connor hurried to the school parking lot and found Taylor, leaning against the back of his Chevy pick-up and talking to Tawnya Garcia. His best friend was decked out in his usual gear...a letterman jacket and the most recent ‘funny’ tee-shirt he picked up at Wal-Mart. This one read, I didn’t say it was you’re fault...I said I was going to blame you.
It’s also common for ad networks to collect information that identifies a specific device or user for use in targeted marketing campaigns. Much like for browser-based ads, this practice allows users to see more personalized or relevant ads. Despite permissions-based information access, it is often difficult for the users to understand what aspects of their information are collected by ad networks. Lookout Labs has investigated the capabilities and information collection methods specific to each ad network. Ad Network Detector tells users exactly what data is being collected, and by whom.
Lars Hedegaard is quite representative of a lot of “left-leaning” Danes, myself included. You see, the traditional right-left rift in Denmark is a bit different from your “Democrats vs. Republicans” one. Mainly — I think — due to historical facts, such as our Communist party leading the bulk of resistance against the Nazis during WW2.
Holler and shout
After the keynote, attendees will meet by “interest group,” such as adult discipleship, youth and family ministry, children and family ministry, midweek Bible study leaders, hospitality leaders, etc.
This also means I'm not home to cook every night, which I was kind of getting used to before I agreed to do the show. Monday night was my last night off before I plunged into a week of rehearsals, as well as being the last evening of a three-day weekend, so I wanted to make something special.
The second half of Noble gigs are starting to become a bore I’m afraid, as he methodically works through these 'gifts' – and the rest of the audience loses out on 45 minutes that could have been filled with good material. And of course, each time he does it, he seals his fate for the next time he returns to the venue, as those who see it this time plan to get in on the act next time around.
Four playoff teams, two division champions, and the World Series winner.
Multitasking is a big part of modern life that everyone has experience with. For a time, multitasking was a buzz word that suggested you were getting a great deal done in an efficient way. More recently, however, many time management experts have become rather critical of multitasking, stating it makes you less rather than more efficient. Multitasking actually can make you more efficient, but not at all times; so let’s see when it is and isn’t a fantastic idea.
How clothes fit: Just getting tighter and tighter as my wardrobe quickly shrinks down to about 5 different outfits. Luckily I rotate through the same few work outfits every day, so it only gets frustrating on the weekends when I’m trying to wear my “real” clothes. It looks like skirts and dresses may be the way to go this summer!
Every parent I know is obsessed with getting their picky toddler to eat, and sometimes I wish there were a big list somewhere that I could follow. Often you just need inspiration! Well, I decided to try to make that kind of list. Using the phone to search websites for menu ideas, and then using the rad Apict app (which turns your snapshots into Polaroids), we made 15 different meals...
Over the next couple of weeks, I would like to attempt to cover the practices of discipleship that Jesus used while training the 12, and those who were to the outskirts of the 12 (the 60 others He sent out with the 12 at one time). My desire is not only to give insight to others, but to gain the insight for myself as well. The ultimate goal is to identify a repeatable and sustainable pattern for discipling others.
Hypothetically, all we need to do is let go of the focus on “me,” of our sense of separateness, our need for distinction, the grasping and clinging to our story. But this is far easier said than done. In India the ego is represented by a coconut, as this is the hardest nut to crack. Traditionally, the coconut is offered to the guru or teacher as a sign of the student’s willingness to surrender his or her ego and let go of self-obsession. Such a symbolic gesture shows that the ego is considered to be a great obstacle on the spiritual path and an even greater impediment to developing true kindness and compassion.
A 50g jar of this cream retails for CAD $24.95.
I made an unscheduled call to Wetherspoon's Cherry Moon in Huddersfield last week. What surprised me was a statement on the chalkboard that the pub had sold 2315 pints of cask ale in the previous week placing it 25th in the Wetherspoon estate for cask beer sales. 2315 pints = 330 pints per day which is about 4½ firkins. This struck me as being a reasonable amount but nothing special considering that this is a busy pub open at least 14 hours per day.
The Sleeping Beauty is another fun Lackey tale, but completely different from her Valdemar novels and her other fantasy work. However, it remains recognisably Lackey. The tale isn't very deep or dark, but it's a perfect read when you need cheering up or just need to lose yourself in a fun, light story. I had fun with it and I'll certainly be back for the next instalment, which is already out, called Beauty and the Werewolf. If you're ever in need of a quick and comfy read, one of the Tales of the Five Hundred Kingdoms, and The Sleeping Beauty especially, will certainly fit that bill.
(Now would be a good time to tell you that it's futile for me to try to get a word in edgewise during these talks, I don't bother trying much anymore.)
As if I didn’t need another reason to sew, along comes these beautiful stars in these gorgeous styles at the Film Independent Spirit Awards. Somehow these seem more wearable and interesting than what they’ve had in previous years. Anyway here are my favs!
Thanks for looking Sue :o)
Lastly, please please please check them out, these are two voices you are not going to want to miss:
First, the batter was supposed to make two 9" cakes that could be split in two to make four layers. But my layers were flat...really flat.
Oh....my...god.
I think Jess has that absolutely spot on.
- I say: This is a show when it first aired that I never expected to be much. It is so much more. You may like this anyway, but if you like Elmore Leonard, you really need to see this show.
In a recent TV series "I'm a Celebrity Get Me out of Here", simple people, described as Celebrities, were so degraded as to eat live worms and stick insects.
But just then something begins to happen to Maki. His skin begins to take on a silver sheen. His muscles begin to expand. His eyes bulge out and form into an almost insect-like shape. Soon even his physical size starts to increase. Within seconds Maki has completely transformed into a bizarre alien creature, as gigantic as the monster he faces. But this new alien is very different from the reptilian beast. It has a basically human shape, though its face looks something like the insect-eyed aliens of various UFO legends. On its chest is a glowing red V-shaped mark. The aliens face each other, ready for battle. Just then Sara fires upon the reptilian creature. It turns, ready to snuff out her tiny life. But the humanoid alien stops the reptilian. Soon they are struggling with each other, threatening to tear apart the entire bunker.
I am a native of the Inland Empire and some of my earliest memories are of Redlands, from the San Bernardino County Museum, to field trips to Kimberly Crest, and attending meetings in the Assembly Room of the A.K. Smiley Public Library. I learned much more about Redlands as Assistant City Attorney from January 2006 to June 2010. My office as a private attorney is in Redlands.
Prime Rib
Materials: 6 x 12 tile, Vinyl
In the case of heavy chariots, with four horses and such, Warmaster says to put them in a double sized base (80x80mm). So just use the 60x80mm base (ready to use with FOG) and add some fillers or a movement tray for Warmaster.
And then! I log in to put up the pic of me meeting Britta, and I actually have followers??
In a world where marriage is forbidden, sex is only granted to male warriors, and the outer realm is full of murderous creatures, Arianna fights to protect the life of her only living relative, her brother.
I am very excited about Scrap365! I've worked hard to find contributors I personally find inspiring, and I hope you will too :).
20. Whether I shall turn out to be the hero of my own life, or whether that station will be held by anybody else, these pages must show. —Charles Dickens, David Copperfield (1850)
One of the attractive aspects of Keynote is the capability to embed graphics, video, and audio. We haven’t gotten that complicated yet, however there is great potential here for classroom integration.
Its not necessarily that I’m becoming restless or anything like that, but after hearing one of the graduate architects talk to a high school student, looking toward his “next step,” architecture school, I found myself reflecting upon my own situation. I have a long way to go in terms of my architecture education and a lot of “next steps” ahead of me.
The better the bread you use, the better this breakfast will be, but it's still incredibly good on regular old sandwich bread like we had today.
Ende Shneafliet - Look At The FLightscreen
my up-cycled items are
a pace is four cubits
3.take a big soup vessel add 1/2 tsp of olive oil to it add vegetable broth,water and basil and italian powder,ginger,garlic powderand allow it to boil.Then add all the vegetables .
The concept of footing is a metaphor used by Holcomb and Killingsworth to replace the notion of “voice.” They explain footing as a physical characteristic that writing must take on, concluding that “style is never merely produced and sent abroad into the world; it is delivered, shared, negotiated between an author and an audience” (61). They use this idea to explain the the social space-which includes things like social standing, social roles, and social dialects- and physical space a work takes, namely the point of view.
Once we were back in the states several of us emailed Wallace, and there were nothing but good reports. He told me in an email, “I was looking for my pastor a man of God but Jesus sent me seven angels.” On the day we first spoke with Wallace he was going to have to get rid of his car that day to pay for his bills. He also told me in the email that God had provided a 2008 Endeavor in perfect condition for him paid in full, just a few days later…
“We know that children thrive when they grow up in safe, stable, nurturing relationships,” said Rosie Allen Ryan, president of the nonprofit Prevent Child Abuse North Carolina. “Unfortunately, this pastor is telling his congregation to harm their children.”
How British am I?
Clients who need stability have to continually adjust to new caregivers — and new caregivers to them.
How do you find time to work on projects?
Frederic Huntington said, “It is not scientific doubt, not atheism, not pantheism, not agnosticism that in our day and in this land is likely to quench the light of the gospel. It is proud, sensuous, selfish, luxurious, church-going, hollow-hearted prosperity.”
She will also work on developing packaging and pricing designed to deliver significant growth and profitability to the company and fresh experiences to customers.
It's just a sprain, but it's bad enough to keep me away from my knitting basket. So all of the WIPs are just sitting forlornly next to the sofa, waiting for me to recover enough to get to work on them again.
Apple had a boom quarter on the back of the new iPhone 4S, selling more than 35 million handsets, double that of the year-ago quarter.
THEY ARE COMING TO AUSTIN!!!!!!!!!!!!! THIS WEEKEND!!!!!!!!!!!!! HOLLA! SCOREEEEEEEEEEEEE! THE CROWD GOES WILD! "IT'S FATE" I THINK!
Our nation needs someone who understands how and when and why the President of the United States should call people, and these two examples clearly indicate that Barack Obama is lacking in judgement and decision making. We need to- and can- replace him in 2012 with someone with better judgement and decision-making skills, someone who understands that the CEO of BP should have been called in two days and that a private citizen who is called a name by a radio show host should not receive a phone call from the President.
The trail going up to her had several freshly downed trees blocking the pathway! No doubt from last winters wind storms. We had a few good ones,but than we always do!
11. Sophisticated Hula
Here is what I know for sure....
(Reprinted from Artslant.com)
Heraldry has been defined as the systematic and hereditary adoption of symbols or devices arranged on the surface of a shield. It was born in the tempestuous maelstrom that was 12th Century Europe. A continent that was emerging from the so called ‘Dark Ages’ and a time of relative stability and growing self-confidence.
Where are our priorities?
Mrs Maple nodded in return and shuffled off to the kitchen to cook his order. As well as the cook, and the bar maid, she was the cleaner, the accountant and the bouncer, but not the owner. Things worked like that in Epsum Illum. Everything was owned by Mr Marshall Marshall who’d arrived one bitter winter, ten years previously and bought up the entire town. Nobody knew how he’d managed it without a single voice of protest, although things haven’t really changed that much, except for the 70 percent of everyone’s earnings, after tax, that went to Mr Marshall Marshall at the end of each year.
David Cameron and Angela Merkel share 28/27 entries with other Camerons (notably James Cameron) and Merkels and no distinctive range of products or services can be assesed for the time being.
Taylor climbed into the truck and fired her up. Connor tossed his backpack and binder into the bed with Taylor’s baseball gear and joined him.
Clark later admitted the song was about drugs as well as the flight to London. A radio trade journal article decrying the song's drug connotations caused many American radio stations to take it off their playlist, which is probably why it reached only #14 on the Billboard "Hot 100." (It's astonishing to me that a song that was so radically experimental made it to #14. AM radio music in the 1960s was really, really good.)
Or maybe not.
“Bam, bam, bam!” he remembered. “I scared the hell out of them, then just ran out the door.”
"There is that," Jessica admitted with a giggle. "But you've got to admit he is kind of cute."
Goose Island Matilda
4: never get old 4:37
And finally, property. This used to be what being rich and powerful was about. Kings, dukes, lords. The more land you owned, the better. I think times have changed though. The most powerful men in the world aren’t property tycoons, they’re businessmen. Multi-billion dollar, multi-national companies that invade the economies of other countries. The whole blood and guts and gore thing is so unnecessary when you can enslave a nation economically. However, I don’t think I would enjoy the life of a business man. A 24 hour job just doesn’t appeal to me. I’d rather be the guy who invests in the business man’s idea and lets him burn himself out while I take a cut of the profits. Look at Warren Buffet. He doesn’t own a single company of his own yet until recently he was the second richest man on the planet. He hedges his bets by investing in several hundred companies and probably lives relatively stress free.
By the time we headed back to Ise, we were all pretty well laced. Which, naturally, led to karaoke. We had amassed, in two rooms, by nature of intersecting parties, one of the larger karaoke groups I've seen in recent memory.
He dropped his head so that his lips hovered just above mine, his breath on my cheeks. “Give in to it.” I flicked my eyes up to meet his, which were the deep, dark green of primeval forests—ancient, unknowable, and hiding monsters in their wooded depths.
I enjoyed Annette Lyon's class on show, don't tell. Believe me, after all the years of classes, conferences, and book-reading I've done on the subject of writing, it's so refreshing to hear something new. She talked about micro showing and macro showing, and it was an eye opener. Feel free to email me and I'll share my notes.
No less significant although a bit harder to see was the Lord’s message all throughout the seminar-His word presented in the lessons. Although filtered through the viewpoint of youth ministry, it was the message of the Bible nonetheless–creating conviction, bringing passion, and reigniting hearts to serve Him.
Height: 25 inches, 74% (when the nurse measured, Kelsey stretched her legs and pointed her toes, like she was trying to be as tall as possible.)
like an oak standing in the sun
Despite the fact that the big Texas “prayer event” fell somewhat short of the Big Ass Party To Celebrate The Establishment Of Hell On Earth I suspect they were hoping for, these folks have by no means given up. Oh no, definitely not! And, as our friend Rachel Maddow’s latest report makes very clear, these “Christian Soldiers” seem more intent than ever to “march on” into history:
"Dutch-process cocoa, bittersweet chocolate, Hungarian lavender & a touch of vanilla.
Gregory: Indeed Romney needs to answer
She told me she’d caught the tram on her own and was approached by a group of dark-skinned males.
Jolly Ranchers 14oz 2/$5.98
Silly, unintentionally matching t-shirts certainly help.
Another cocktail I can amuse you with is this bad boy here:
Look, I agree that djent is a bullshit, made-up label in a genre that's already saturated with long, pointless subgenres like cascadian black metal or whatever. Going the extra mile and talking about 'djentcore' just makes you eligible for a savage beating because now you're being ultra-annoying, so please, don't go there. I'm not entirely sure when this djent fad started, but I'm just finding out about it and now I'm curious. It took me quite a lot of google searches to figure out what djent even means and I think it's a poorly-chosen onomatopoeia and whoever came up with it (Meshuggah?) should receive a good flogging.
I should likely continue with my 'summer camp' analogy. The temperatures are moving and there's no denying that some brutal months are coming up fast. I want to say this will be my last summer in the desert. I'm going to operate on that theory anyway. It might make the summer months more bearable.
Fleetwood Mac Man of the world UK
Well, folks, there you have it. Two heart-warming tales of cannibalistic dumbassery. Have a merry Christmas.
well, in lieu of my blog’s first birthday (YAY!)–an adventure i started not exactly knowing where it would go or who i’d meet along the way–i’ve decided i’d like to take it more seriously, for myself and all you lovely & supportive readers and blogging gurus out there.
Every week these cats hook up each other with hot hits and big phazed cookies to peruse and then vote on their individual fancy catchers.
Travelling along Route 66 in Texas, I found this old restored fuel station, today as I ramble through some of my images I began reflecting. Things are not and never will be what they used to be “back in the good ole days”, so making the most of the present is really beginning to bloom in my life.
Hi! I believe that everyone already watch this movie long time ago. This movie actually come out on beginning of December 2011, which is launch at China first then only launch at Malaysia on Chinese New Year Period. I am very regret to say that I missed this movie while it is still on the big screen cinema, many people would say that "No High Expectation on this Movie", but this movie definitely different from some white snake movie (which is have bad review about it).
It’s not very detailed but it doesn’t need to be for the point in this is clear. It is a negative impact because of globalization. Though this doesn’t mean there is not positive impacts I’d still like to ask…. Is it possible for the big companies, like that of the company in the story, to resist wiping out these small areas and poor people? Why or why not?
Ah, I kinda like this episode. Yes, its as crazy as ever, but I had dear Jae Hyukie keep me company with his cute!
Nina is being reborn. She is pushing against the people who manipulate her. The embryonic black swan makes its presence felt in the nightclub, the dull beat and pink haze approximating a womb. Taking a bath she comes gasping to the surface.
Well, thanks, honey! I will like it if I get to try one, so did you save me a piece? His answer was: "Oh... let me see if there is any left!" :)
Here is a picture thought I'm sharing with you:
The truth is that entering the gallery, you get a nice, safe gallery opportunity to encounter paneling on the walls and pornographic neons (safe and gallery are almost always synonyms). You enter a makeshift trailer park hallway into exhibition space turned redneck mansion. There is a painting of fire and another of a Trans Am on lightboxes. Inside sits more paneling, a bar with Jack Daniels and tip bucket no doubt soon to double as a spittoon. Behind the bar, nothing less than two pinup bartenders complete with shit kicker boots.
I see this sort of journalism as so unbelievable irresponsible and it seems to me that this attitude is generally accepted even by people who are liberal. And it all seems to stem from this idea that the evil corporate giants, in this case the pharmaceutical companies, are involved in this mass conspiracy to get people to use their drugs.
As an illustrator, I tend to work mostly with black lines, however, working in colored lines gives a softness to my work. Look at the mermaid header- although this was drawn with one of our disposable multiliners, the gray line is much softer on the eye than if I had drawn it with black.
Until, that is, a day or so later. I'm sitting in front of the box, eating my lunch, channel surfing when I stumble across the celebrity version of The Apprentice. So I ate, and watched, and before too long the credits start to roll. I'm about to grab the remote, turn off the TV and get back to work when whose name should pop up on the screen? Executive Producer - Eden Gaha.
You all know how I love my quilting books don`t you? Well this book has been in my amazon wishlist since I first saw that quilt on the front cover. It`s full of designs for bright modern and graphic quilts using solids.
Case In Point: A friend stopped me at a park the other day and mentioned how awfully hard it must be having three little ones and how my blog made it seem that I was just really struggling with the whole thing. My life was, it seemed, impossible.
Centerpeices for the table
Up until recently, my approach to public speaking tended to be more along the lines of "oh, yeah, I guess I probably will, if someone asks", so this new page is signifying a change in perspective. I've been doing a lot of thinking lately about the things I like doing, and how I could do them differently, as part of a last-ditch attempt to figure out ways to earn some money doing the things I actually enjoy doing, before surrendering completely to the idea of hunting for a real job. Some of this rethinking will not involve money, but money has been on my mind, as I've been thinking of how it relates to what I'm doing and want to do, which is something I never really did seriously before (I always seemed to have the mostly subconscious idea that the only way to really earn money was through far less fun ways, so those are always what I thought of when it came to money-earning).
— I am starting to make blood cells inside my bones—just like big kids!
Smith was looking at me oddly. “Is that how it’s done in school, then?”
I really clicked and had good creative rapport with a girl I met there. We were chatting online a day or so later and she suggested we write a song. I suggested we do so then and there, so we ended up writing a song in the space of around half an hour – two different versions of the same thing. It was insane fun, although really we need to get together and finish it.
She stood back and watched with approval the first of the wash begin to move slightly in the breeze. Yes, this is going to be a wonderful spring, she decided as she picked up the basket and turned to go back inside.
all the heroes died at Ground Zero?
Our sweet baby Daphne went to Heaven 2 years ago today.
On the market - Maintaining the mystique of Otley is all very well, but I do often wish their beer was a bit easier to come by. However, Otley may have recently cottoned on to this wish - because they've now launched the fabulous online store Real Beer Box, which stocks a wide variety of the very best beers around as well as their own.
My reward, as I discovered when I raided the fridge for a beer last night, was the disappearance of my lovely lout and the appearance of alcohol free lout in its place. A short discussion about me cutting down on the booze and the assurance that my lovely lout hadn’t been chucked away but instead been put in the garage, and I thought “why not, let’s give it a go”
I’m happy .Amir gave me a reason to live ,a family that makes me feel that my beating heart is the engine of their life, and their love ,appreciation and fear pumps life in me . I owe him that ,yes I owe him that .
Post 53 of 180
I'm in a grump today because I woke up to find it snowing again & as I write this it's still snowing, and to add insult to injury I did a full comedy fall on my way home from walking Logan, both feet lost contact with the floor as I went up in the air and then whumped back down, taking my weight on my arse and my hands, or more particularly on my right thumb, which is slowly turning a pretty shade of purple - should get me out of shovelling duties in the short term eh?
Long-standing senior administrators often receive their full salary during transitional leaves, which are meant to give them time to do research or special studies before moving back to a faculty position. In a 2010 News Tribune story, a U of M spokesman said the financial package for Martin’s leave — her $233,250 salary but on an 80 percent appointment — was appropriate because of her 15 years of service as chancellor and her successful fundraising efforts.
July 23 – 27 from 10:00am – 2:30pm daily
(Well, maybe just Maggie does, and she might have just brought her hair along for the ride. I do not know for a fact that she consulted her hair.)
It's 2:15 pm and OMG! Susan just asked Mel to drive! (She had asked Susan to teach her to safely drive the RV during this trip so she'd be able to drive it confidently in the future...but NOW?!!!)
Me: “What?”
~ Camping equipment for impromptu adventures
The editor of Commentary, John Podhoretz, offered an explanation on his magazine’s blog. “American liberals,” he wrote, “know their own language, but they don’t know the language of their ideological and partisan opposite numbers. ... Conservatives speak liberal, but for liberals in the United States, conservatism might as well be Esperanto.”
And here we are again, at the crossroads, sitting with our backs to each other. It is a big fight and hence the famous silent treatment. The only connect whatsoever is, kiddo jumping after piggy backing me into his warm embrace. An obligatory smile to the little one and he is sent back to me. All of this because, it is the IPL time. And the big fight is between biwi and TV. What is it with Men and Cricket? Or should I say, what is it with Indian Men and Cricket?
I have opted for reasons of time and resource consumption to return to my practice of periodic self-intervention with a pair of clippers. The experiment was interesting and resulted in a practical appreciation for the potential value (never tested) of mustache wax for keeping one's mustache out of one's food and mouth... The use of baking soda solution and apple cider vinegar for hair care worked very well, but with my natural oil levels and the daily run-commute the treatments needed to become more frequent as the mass of hair continued to increase. The experiment did not culminate in the 'growth plateau' that I had aspired to when I began the experiment, but I feel like I have a pretty good idea of what I would like if I were genetically me, but born tens of thousands of years ago before we made a cultural habit of interventionist hair styling. From earlier periods in my life, the late undergraduate epoch to be precise, I can share that the head-hair plateau happens at about shoulder length... the beard remains a mystery... would it have grown to the nipples or the belly button or beyond.... we may never know, and I suspect we will never find out.
It is Memorial Day weekend and I do wish to honor all of the brave men and women who have fought and given their lives for their country. Thank you. My husband is enjoying the weekend marathon of old war movies on AMC.
Chocolate, Strawberry and Cookies and Cream!
The claims include assault, shootings, damage to property, police actions, vehicle accidents and legal costs.
to spend my last dime trying to call you
Trusting that it is enough.
Nicole's ceremony was so beautiful. The service she and her husband planned was filled with elements of nature, spirituality, solemnity and humor. I had shivers through most of it. During the handfasting itself, I played the Irish song, "Give Me Your Hand." Sniff, sniff.
In 1997, deep sea microphones captured a loud and unusual sound, dubbed a Bloop in Earth’s Pacific ocean.
Bitterness flowed up into my veins. I felt its grip in my jaw. It had been 6 days. It was supposed to be 3 and we were now at 6. Day 6 and my Yoo-hoo was gone.
What's your jam right now? What's lifting you up in the middle of February?
My newest favorite: Are You There, Chelsea. It really is hilarious.
Xenia
Now wait a minute! He was talking to the Jews, the people of the covenant and He is calling them evil. Who does he think he is? These are God’s chosen people; these are the people of the book, of the temple and of the law. I mean if he wants to call the Gentiles evil that’s fine but to dare to call the Jews who understand the nuances of all the ceremonial sacrifices and cleansings and who observed the Sabbath. Why would he call them evil?
Until Nixon found out Felt was the leaker in late 1972, he was considering Felt for the top job. Felt’s machinations and deceptions at the apex of the FBI make Nixon’s White House appear in retrospect to have been a cloistered convent of Carmelite nuns.
Relationships & Dating
After three years, Hel is recruited out of his cell by the US Intelligence Service. They are in desperate need of an agent able to cause severe discord between Russia and China. They need someone who has nothing to lose, who has European features, and can speak fluent Chinese and Russian. Hel succeeds in his mission, taking for payment the names and locations of those who tortured him, and goes on to become one of the highest-paid and most skillful assassin in the world.
Yeah. Yeah, I guess it IS a good thing she was skinny. Because being fat is soooo unfortunate. And I'm taking up sooooo much room with my 45 inch hips and 42 inch waist and my great, big, HUGE, 13 inch neck! (It's always 13 inches when my trainer measures it. It's weird.)
Yesterday’s conference was a culmination of the last two years of progress in the field of PDSE. The event was organized and funded by the Harm Reduction Coalition, the NYC Department of Mental Health and Hygiene, and the DPA (Drug Policy Alliance), all very large players who can truly influence the implementation of these techniques across the nation.
By Robert Spencer
Is using dictionaries time-wasting? Anthony wonders why some might feel that teaching learners to work things out for themselves is not time well-spent.
- Iron on an appliqué
Step 11: Once the wax is cool, use a paint brush to brush Perfect Pearls onto the waxed areas. After you have brushed them on, use the brush to pounce them, then whisk away any extra. Set the Perfect Pearls by lightly misting with water. The Perfect Pearls should basically only stick to the waxed area.
In the middle of a couple of beers last night, right in the sweet spot, I decided to advertise this little blog on Facebook and Twitter. It’s not much but it does leave me with reservations. Some of those reservations referring to embarrassing myself in front of two’s of people.
2010.09.06 Afghanistan Paktika 3 5 Freedom fighters shoot three children to death.
It was this realization that encouraged me to research, write and teach the importance of understanding these cognitive mindsets, how they influence us and how we can easily change the dynamics of a mindset and change the way we think and see things.
the good news is:
There’s a thorn in his side he just can’t get rid of
The ‘underpantal region’ was a widely-accepted medical term in parts of Europe until the 1980s. In Germany it was known as ‘die zonenuntergarment’ and in France as ‘le districte de controlle merde’.
There is a very old man fallen on the ground,
What are cardiology stethoscopes? Works in the same principle as any typical acoustic medical stethoscopes - only much more sophisticated. It operates using sound emitted from the chest piece and transmitting it to the earpiece. The chest piece has a diaphragm (plastic disc) or a bell (hollow cup) that is very sensitive to skin vibration that cause acoustic pressure waves to travel to the air-filled hollow tubes to the listening ear. However, most wholesale medical supplies types employ two sets of diaphragm on both sides of the chest piece to conveniently alternate between high and low frequency sounds whichever is applicable.
Hope your all having a great day so far!
She writes about longing and forgiveness, first love, passion, heartbreak and getting your feelings hurt. I find her songs to always be in the moment and I never doubt that she’s gone through the emotions she’s singing about herself.
I took the tunnel route and upon climbing up the stairs a circular point of view greeted the eyes. Various trails lead to many directions – so pick and choose. Along the way, lots of seats to take a breather. The park seems to be a favourite place for wedding photos. Vending machines are scattered at various shelters – remember to bring along coins. Tin cans cost from S$1.00 plus. Do bring along plenty of water because hot days are here.
A great philosopher once said that before enlightenment the world is just the world. During enlightenment the world is no longer the world, and after enlightenment the world is just the world. That is cooking lager. Lout is lout, Life is life, and getting pissed for next to nowt is not only our birthright but our duty, whilst we take the journey all living things take to the same destination.
Oh yes, I am not Britney, but I did it again! These pants are not mine ... Another small theft from my boyfriend's closet ;)... Aren't they amazing? I am pretty sure these pants are the perfect match for my kimono top! My intention was to create a chic look, but with gangster's mood, adding feminine details, like high shoes and necklace, but not too girlish.
At large as the dead,
These days, Alan has returned to his previous hobby of basketball collecting. However, he understands the power of autographs. Whether it's one faith, one team, one school or state -- there are so many ways to make your collection reflect YOU. You'll appreciate the hobby more, as will the signers who give you remarkable results.
Tonight Blake chose Christmas in the Trenches by John McCutcheon. This is a book I picked up at ,where else but, a thrift store a couple of years ago and it remains one of our favorites. The author first wrote a song, then a book was developed from that. The touching storyline is loosely based on a Christmas truce that occurred during WWI.
This was a very intriguing event, and one of the top stories in 2011, as it featured one half of the double sprint attempt of Allyson Felix (USA).
I bought the first book on Tuesday night when I read online that the book was in the works of coming to the big screen. With working all week, each book took me two days to get through. I would stay up until 1AM when I would have to get up at 6AM and I would quickly eat my lunch on my breaks so that I was able to spend the rest of my lunch break reading through these.
February 8, 2010 Clip No. 2394
Um, we got about 16 inches of snow Tuesday, so I'm guessing Phil is gonna see his shadow. Happy Groundhog Day, anyway!
Luxury Log Home Designs
The web has brought us the benefits of having the ability to evaluate costs rapidly and effortlessly, therefore assisting us to really feel like we’re obtaining much better worth for cash.
- Joint aid and relief planning with the U.K.
Reverend Jackson told FOX35 he believes the fatal shooting on February 26th was racially motivated.
Oh, my trainer and I matched outfits last night. It was cute. And we listened to death metal. It's good hard core working out music.
The military and intelligence services of Russia and China are conducting a sustained campaign to steal American commercial and military secrets through cyberespionage, according to the chairman of the House Intelligence Committee, and he warned that …
But there was always something more important going on. From the very beginning, each episode focused intensely on a different character, showing a flashback of what life was like for this person before they were brought to the island.
Audience: woot
I have been thinking about doing a blog make over. I have had this one for two years and never had a change. I do not know why I am so worried about actually doing it. I seem to have the hardest time picking out a new blog look. I think it also could be the money part.If I do a new blog and I do not like the look or theme I do not know how to fix it..
I not only promised forever, I promised my forever to a stranger who was kicking me and elbowing me from inside my body AND I did it without even considering just how unconditional and permanent this love would be.
Which brings me to another no-no. No talent talent shows. A parent’s nightmare! Being forced to endure 90 minutes of pure torture with perhaps 5 minutes of pleasure. The show in question was especially bad … so bad at one point I swear my ears were about to start bleeding. It should be a prerequisite that if you are going to have an act where you play the piano … you should be able to PLAY something worth listening to. If you claim your talent is singing … you should be able to hit at least 1/2 of the notes you are aiming for …. surely that is not too much to ask!!!!! As I watch shows like American Idol and wonder at the people who audition and how they came to believe that they are talented, the answer suddenly became clear last night. For a parent to fill their children’s heads with delusions is one thing (not a school of thought I happen to agree with but at least I can understand the logic behind it …. sort of …. although it will never replace honesty), but for teachers and outsiders to feed their fantasy dreams or stardom is beyond ridiculous!
Paused for breath and had a cup of tea 'n sandwich (£3,50).....Thennnnn onto Trafalgar square way and then back to Holborn. Catch tube to St Paul's - Magnificent! But no cameras allowed inside...Damn.
Making YoYos: 1
Ok, I thought. This could work.
• Emotive concerns such as making new friends or missing family back home are among the biggest worries for expats when moving abroad. These worries were also more prevalent amongst female expats. Nearly half of female expats surveyed (48%) admitted concerns about re-establishing social life in their new country ahead of relocation, compared to only 37% of men. Meanwhile 44% of female expats shared concerns about missing friends and family, compared to less than one third (29%) of men.
6. Auditing of accounts is made difficult when officials of the Party leave and do not hand over Petty Cash Books or other Party property, in some cases a deliberate ploy in an attempt to embarrass the Party.
18. Metamorphosis (Organ Freak out 2) (00:33)
You know what I realized? I was hesitating about posting the things that I believe God told me about my marriage because I didn’t know if I really believed it anymore. It has been easy to say I did. But, God was opening my eyes to the fact that deep down, in the dark places of my soul. I had quit believing. Quit hoping.
look for an alternative electronic route or
then painstakingly instructed me as to how to arrange the rest.
Then we drove across the parking lot (hey-it was very cold so we felt justified) to see No Strings Attached. That's the new Natalie Portman and Ashton Kutcher movie. I had very mixed feelings about the movie because I feel Ashton gets a little out of control sometimes and Natalie is so serious in most of her roles that I didn't think I could relate to her being in a romcom. My verdict-it was cute and funny, and quite inappropriate at times. Definitely don't see this if you don't find cursing and slight vulgarity ok.
Future Shop guy: “So you like the TV?”
And yes, I still thank God for the birds that sing.
This Kanji looks a bit like the one for fish but you might as well just remember it as is because it is quite complex and distinct.
- and I felt horrible! The CD that was playing was one of my favorites; Science & Faith from the script. That’s not a bad thing at all, the problem was that I had the feeling I had to wake up and go to school. This, because the CD had functioned as my alarm clock for the past few weeks. The music used to give me such a wonderful feeling, and now it had all been ruined. I just couldn’t stand it, so ever since this morning I’ve been playing the CD to remind myself of how much it was NOT my alarm clock. Luckily, after 4 repeats, I can now finally listen to it while enjoying it as much as I used to. Because music of the The Script, is simply the best music in the world!
– Leila Mahfooz Barry
Assets System - The Way To Protect Your Abode Or Playing
“The mere idea of you. The longing here for you. You’ll never know, how slow the moments go, till I’m near to you,” I sang softly into Emma’s hair. Billie sounded way better of course, but the words felt too right not to say out loud.
That was the pattern from 2000, when NASA’s aeronautics program began its decline, to 2006, when it was restructured. Over the past decade, annual funding has fallen from more than $1 billion to around $550 million for fiscal 2013 and beyond (see charts). But even as the aeronautics budget shrank 40% from 2006 to 2011, the directorate’s workforce dropped just 4%, the NRC report says, noting the fixed portion of the budget for personnel is now 56%, and facilities maintenance another 14%. “The fixed cost for salaries and facilities severely limits the resources that can be effectively committed to flight research,” the report says.
this cute girl, jacy ceccarelli, is the owner, with the dubbed title of a scarfiologist!
"This area requires full attention regardless of whether you are walking or driving," he said. "...all the distractions for drivers and walkers, looking both ways, knowing you must move when the opening allows, not wanting to wait another light or two, adds to the danger.
Pictured above, Wright eventually served as the informant’s bridge to the four other men busted in the bombing plot–despite the fact that the quartet was “unsure” about the snitch for whom Wright vouched. Of the five men arrested, four were involved in the Occupy Cleveland movement, according to their Facebook profiles, a news story, and a federal criminal complaint.
WHERE ARE THE GIRLFRIENDS of OBAMA?
it's going to be a very disciplined trip, to do-up my house. Work on it every Day:.Early & quiet nights.We aint staying at Mick's house (in another village )this time..Instead we stay in a rented house actually in the village itself.Mick is coming down to help with the work.
only this deserted table of decay
i tell him that must take *so* much talent to do… but because it is just a li’l annoying (and distracting), he finds it to be the most hilarious thing ever. i’m trying to figure out what i wanna wear for the day, and good ole lars takes it upon himself to cackle insanely && *dance around* the bedroom with his … towel.
Fading, one by one,
HVAC tape was adhered to card stock and run through the Typeset die. The 'x' and the 'o' were smeared with Jet Black Archival ink so they'd look better with the Gunmetal glitter than the original silver color.
As I mentioned before, the Forces of Beauty series has the vampires as businessmen. The hero of the first book owns a hospitality and entertainment company who meets his lady in Crete at one of his resorts. (BTW, hubby and I stayed at this particular resort and I had it in mind when I wrote the location.) In the most recent release, A Vampire in Paris, the hero was in the first book as a secondary character and I had to give him his own love story. The company he works for is also owned by an ancient vampire who just might show up in a future book and he is one of the company’s best security investigators. You never know where the inspiration comes from! The heroines in both are “older” women, quite accomplished in their own professions but doubt their attractiveness to the “younger” men, until they find out who these men really are.
I cannot wait until the day when my bloodwork comes back and the doctor says, “Ya know… I think you’re done with the insulin for now.”
For Tuesday’s School of Christian Living class, I tried a couple new things. We had Italian Quinoa and Bean Casserole, Salad, Focaccia Rolls, and Triple Chocolate Brownies.
Mimi – Dear classmate, I will miss how you joyfully eat your every meal. Tnx also!
My wife bought me a ‘just because’ present. From a charity shop. She’s always been a big spender…. Still it wasn’t just a charity shop; it was the 2gether shop in Chislehurst, described by one newspaper as ‘the Harrods of charity shops.’
I read for a long time. By now you should now what book I am reading. I mentioned it in all my other blogs! So, sorry this blog won’t have the name. I’ll give you a hint–The show got cancelled because the numbers of viewers dropped. BUMMER! After that I am reading The Secret Circle.
- in a separate bowl mix the flour, baking powder, bicarb, cinnamon and ground almonds together
Revenge had seemed a good idea with a skinful of beer and whisky chasers. It had lost its appeal the second he tasted the blood spurting from Rolly’s neck.
were down 2-4 at the time of Paciorek’s hit and the team rallied to score three
Luke 13:1-8
Lt. General Thomas L. Baptiste, USAF (Ret.) Deputy Chairman, NATO (‘04-‘07)
I frosting I used the store bought cream cheese frosting and I also made a chocolate one by make a chocolate ganache and whipping it into a thick frosting.
It’s like telling my story for people to know, and relate to. And it makes me happy to see that they listen. You see, I’m not the person to person kind. I’m sort of a people person. One to many, type.
What makes Polly-O different from other types of ricotta? I e-mailed Kraft Foods. The associate director of consumer relations didn’t divulge the amounts or percentages of ingredients because the recipe is proprietary. The ingredient list reads: pasteurized milk, whey, milkfat, salt, vinegar, and so on. According to the web site, Giuseppe Pollio started Polly-O more than 100 years ago. He set up ricotta and mozzarella kettles on the beach at Coney Island in Brooklyn, N.Y. The Pollio Italian Cheese Company produces nearly 100 million pounds of cheese per year.
53. Curtains For You-After Nights Without Sleep (Spark & Shine)
And her parrot was a pain in the neck sometimes. That's why I know that parrots can talk too much. He was kept right outside her kitchen door, in a very neat spot, where he could walk around and keep an eyeball in everything that was happening in the kitchen, since the door was always wide open, as well as on the gate that lead to the backyard.
Every child has the right to a good school education irrespective of the financial circumstances of their parents.
Has the cycle finally been --
Thus are we wholly stripped of pride 70
The findings suggest that Japan's many language variants -- and by extension much of its culture -- did not emerge, as widely believed by many Japanese, primarily from indigenous hunter-gatherers already present on the archipelago for millennia.
HAPPY WEEKEND EVERYBODY......
Even better is this tidbit from the Fox News story--
Os Mutantes - Os Mutantes - 1968
In 2008, I had a super cute haircut. Chin length, fun, light. Then I met a guy... Knowing who I am and my personality, I sort of do things on a whim. I was having a bad hair day. Boy...meet hair! Not a good idea actually, but I take FULL responsibility. I sat down on the toilet, handed him a pair of scissors and told him to cut it. Well.......he did, but after he lopped off the front chunk, I freaked out and told him to stop. TOO LATE! Ha. Boy will never get near my hair with with scissors again!
For the best viewing experience, view fullscreen in HD.
Air Purifier Review – Redux
What are you doing to stay sane these days? You don’t know? Instead, you ask what am I (!) doing to stay sane through these challenging times, Mr. Dream Job Guy? Fair enough….touche.
The Committee, which will have Chief Secretary and state DGP as members, is supposed to become operational “within an hour” of the release of Menon, according to the agreement.
This same insidious nature can be found in misandry. If men are not expected to do or be better, why should they bother? You say men make tons o mistakes, as if making mistakes are solely the domain of men or men are best at that. Studies on cheating, which is what the original CNN article is about, show that women cheat as often as men since the sexual revolution and since women became more economically independent. Surely we shouldn’t start calling women out for the same things men get called out for, right? Double standards are no more justified than unfair standards some men place on women, right?
“Wait till you hear Skátar from Iceland. I don’t know how to describe them even. Mogwai meets Black Sabbath that you can dance to. A heavy metal DFA?”
The last one I had with my dad.
5 HUN 5 2 0 0 3 4
Every year my husband's dad requests my homemade peanut brittle. I've been using this recipe for several years now. Its quick and easy if you have the right tools and know how many minutes work for your microwave. Right now I have it down to a science. I think its worth the effort because when you get it right, its really really good brittle.
If anyone knows of any card uglier than this one, by all means, share.
Oh it couldn’t be that my sweet saving cups of yummy joe
So I absolutely loved this curry. Its not really your traditional thick creamy curry, its more soupy and light. I loved it and so did the little guy. Carl however didnt love it, but he liked it. He just likes the more cramy thick currys better...This recipe is from Mels Kitchen Cafe.
3. Pride and Prejudice - Jane Austen
Pour liquids over dry ingredients and mix lightly with a spoon or spatula till just barely combined. Do not overmix. Divide batter evenly among the 12 cups, using about 1/4 cup for each. Use a generous tablespoon of streusel for each muffin. Bake about 18 minutes, or till a toothpick inserted near center returns with just a few crumbs. Cool in pans 5 minutes, then turn out onto wire rack to finish cooling. Yield: 12 muffins
This week began with my mum coming to stay with us for a week, and as she is joining me on this year long journey in spirit, I was excited to share a whole week of self discovery with her. We had nothing spiritual planned but decided to go with the flow and see where our time took us. Now usually when I ask for a spiritual teacher to come into my life, Great Spirit sends me or guides me to a book, not usually a person. This time was no different as I was sent 2 life changing books this week that blew all my beliefs about life itself into the water. Some of my best teachers have been books but these 2 would have to be the most profound and conscious shifting books I had ever read. They have essentially pushed me to the edge of what I believed to be true.
Our community has a pretty active group of artists, Ames c.art, The goal of the organization is to make art accessible to the public. Last year they painted a mural on one of the buildings in Campus Town (near the ISU campus).
Time passes and you begin to think about a reality check here. Maybe you hadn’t heard God because your hearing has become dull. Maybe He tried to talk to you but you turned Him off. Maybe the devil saw an open door, stuck his foot in, and started to build a strong hold or maybe you begin to think you were ‘all that’ and you really didn’t need God quite so much. After all, look at everything you’ve done.
Jumbo Pencil in French Fries and Iced Mocha
With dozens of men having come before them and about 10 sitting behind them in the audience, it’s clear that systematic flaws that have lead to so many wrongful convictions. Under District Attorney Craig Watkins, Dallas County has been famously proactive in freeing the wrongfully convicted. But what’s less readily apparent is how deep the problem runs.
Level 11: Mastery: +32%, Accuracy: +66.
A product is bought to be used. It has to satisfy certain criteria, not only functional, but also psychological and aesthetic. Good design emphasises the usefulness of a product whilst disregarding anything that could possibly detract from it.
Our refugee system is for real refugees not bogus ones like yourselves. We know you're actually economic migrants posing as refugees to gain quick and easy entry into shopping-mall-Canada so you can greedily pursue your materialist fantasies post haste. It's a loftier ambition to stay in post civil-war Sri Lanka and contribute to the future prosperity and stability of the nation by helping to heal the wounds made by ethnic rivalries. This will greatly benefit the lives of future generations of Sri Lankans. But who cares about them? F**k 'em, as they say. You only care about yourself. You want stuff and you want it now which is why you decided to make a refugee claim in Canada even though you really aren't one.
It’s official: I’ve been on the road for three weeks. In some ways, it doesn’t seem like it’s been that long.
Jennifer Lyell, Moody Publishers
Oliver stopped and stared at her. "Leonard is marrying a dog?"
It’s clear that everyone’s hard work paid off on this one because now we can all say we’ve contributed to a professional (looking) blog. Hats off to the design team for that; it looks awesome. We’ve even got over 1500 followers! (Although I think Amy somehow pimped the system on that one. Whatever, numbers don’t lie). Overall, I’m counting this project as a success. Even if nobody’s liked my post yet (dicks).
1 balance
As we think about interpreting the prophets, there are several things to keep in mind.
- is about art, art is about describing the world and art is about the maker
It’s not to say there haven’t been steps made today. Whatever will happen between Soo Hyun and Ki Woo, at the least, it can be said they have cultivated a closeness.
I told you I have been making some software lately and now I finished one and I am sharing it!
Auntie Mame (1958) ... TCM ... 12 AM
I did feed him because I felt kinda bad. Not really but since the theme for the Kulinarya Cooking Club is Love hosted by Abigail of my Nappytales and Marni of Kensington Kitchen, I figured I could do something nice for him. We hardly have any meals with pork due to my authority but for him, I made pork chops. He orginally requested I make some longoniza sausages but I ran out of time so I did the next best thing. I created my take on longoniza pork chop. I did accidently poured too much annatto seed but it resulted in a bright red color.
Far from being a document cobbled together by a motley crew of so called “constitutional experts”, the document Kenyans are voting on is a result of decades of peaceful and persistent agitation, propaganda, mobilization by a relay of generations of democratic patriots past and present. Perhaps one of the most poignant reminders of these years of self-less sacrifice was illustrated recently when about forty former detainees, political prisoners, victims of repression and survivors of torture converged at the residence of one of their own colleagues- Raila Odinga, the Prime Minister.
1And after these things I saw four angels standing on the four corners of the earth, holding the four winds of the earth, that the wind should not blow on the earth, nor on the sea, nor on any tree.
A second residency certificate created by the amendment bill is a grant for “substantial business presence” similar to what exists for direct investment incentives in the Immigration Law.
Each tide here, indeed an endless artesian supply.
- This is wheat…
But it was cool, the skin was like rubber. I remember finding snake and crocodile eggs when I was a little girl, the shell felt just like that!
While most here follow the pahari (hill) version of Hinduism, there are packs of Buddhists, Muslims, Jains and Christians, all living in harmony.
Anyway, Tara Costa was there. I saw her on TV. The Biggest Loser did not inspire me to lose weight, but Tara did inspire me to compete. She was one fierce competitor on that show I was gonna get her autograph, but I preferred to stay with my teammates. We took a lot of awards. Including the first 2 women!
He just shot him a sideways glance, “We’re not even dating.”
But fair enough – the US became the most powerful Nation State on the planet, and a successful federation. Lets look at why.
The first time I married, I got everything I wanted: a wedding at The Hotel Bel Air, where the swans moved on cue to strains of Bach from the string quartet; bridal showers and bridesmaid luncheons; a walk down the aisle in a fine white gown in front of 150 friends and family. The photo album that followed was envious. Like so many young women who see that bridal gown in the store window, I wanted the fairy tale wedding more than anything, and as if rewarded for that longing, that is exactly what I got. The marriage lasted two years.
"Hey, it can't be that bad," Kyle the coffee guy said.
It took me a while to get all the pieces cut out as I decided to make two in tande-m rather than going through the whole process again after I'd finished one. It took rather longer when I realised I had my perspex cutting guide the wrong way up so I had cut some of the pieces out too long (which can obviously easily be rectified) and some pieces too narrow (which can't).
I never got a good explanation for what exactly happened back there.
“Do you know where this bus is now?”
But I'm also not sure what to write about now. I used to write detailed multi-part fantasies, which was a lot of fun...but it was also time-consuming and hard work, and I lack both the inspiration and the energy for that now. Even Flash Fiction Friday, which I've dearly loved, isn't giving me the spark it used to. Last week's picture was one I'd ordinarily gobble right up, but I let it pass untouched.
Despite the “animal rights” public image PETA intentionally promotes, however, their underlying philosophy and activities, by and large, are decidedly welfarist and substantially contradict any coherent notion of animal rights.
It was my first experience of meeting a blogging friend so I did not know how it would be and I can honestly say that I was very pleased to have met up with Suburbia as she is such a lovely person.
to make a little snowman and then she came
I love you, Hubby. I love you, I miss you, and I don’t even care how uncool I sound when I whine about you being gone.
“I bet. Well, I think I’ve got it.”
As for knitting, I’ve done 36 of the 40 rounds of the ribbing on the second Zauberball sock. So I should get to the good bit today, without difficulty. And should be very close to finishing, if I don’t actually do it, at Loch Fyne at the weekend.
The Palestinian Call for Boycott Divestment and Sanctions
I would see their faces by my graveside
Pearl Jam - Sonic Reducer
For non-geeks and those of us just wondering what this world is coming to, let me say that the mom, Rachel Wilder, is only doing this because she believes that her high tech hovering will keep her son “safe.”
I still have the urges to light up at certain times of the day. I want to smoke when I wake up, when I drive (especially here in New Jersey – there is a reason why auto insurance is higher in New Jersey than in any other state – people here don’t know how to drive!) I also want to smoke when writing blog entries. (This is why I haven’t written in a few days.)
I cut fresh white corn off the cob. Some olive oil is heated in a pan and the corn and fava beans are heated through. I threw in some walnuts at the last minute. Season to your liking!
Some writers also go so far as to include reams of description of food and clothing, which is nice, but I don't necessarily do that. On occasion I will mention a nice kidney pie, or a glass of port, but I know how I feel when I read something that contains four paragraphs of what was on the dinner table. To me, that just takes away from the reading of the book. And I don't necessarily care that the morning gown the heroine wore was made of yards of imported silk, capped with an organza overlay with enbroidered flowers around the hem and neckline. I'd rather just know the color. But that's just me.
So what is it? SINFUL COLORS Extra Shiny Lip Gloss! I only paid $3.00 for the tube and it is fantastic. It lasts forever and the shine is perfect. I purchased my tube from Walgreens. I would put the Sinful Colors lip gloss in the same category as Lancome's La Laque Fever which costs $26!
Whenever I make an entire Thai feast I always like to start with these Thai Fishcakes served with a Cucumber Dipping Sauce that is refreshing and spicy at the same time! They are super easy to make (providing you have a food processor!) and always seem to be a hit, no matter who I serve them to. I love the contrasting crunch of the green beans with the soft fishcakes so I add a little more beans than you would normally expect, but if you like you can reduce the amount of beans a little.
and the long wait for communication from boot camp.
Hypoglycemic, diuretic and hypocholesterolemic effect of winter cherry (Withania somnifera, Dunal) root.
That cerebellar tremor is the reason I put up with the drinking for so long. I have no concept of what it would be like to have my right arm be nearly useless when I try to move it. Drinking alcohol was the only thing that helped calm the tremors. Ironically, the doctors have noted this as well. My husband went to a neurologist who specializes in movement disorders looking for some hope. The doctor said “There’s not a lot out there that will help your arm. Alcohol will but you run the risk of becoming an alcoholic.”
I was so thoroughly surprised that I didn't even clean the bathroom. I always clean the bathroom if people are coming over. Matt really out did himself for me. I'm a lucky lady for sure.
Breastfeeding has become a time for both of us to relax and calm down. I am not sure how much longer she will want to nurse but for now I am still happy to do it.
I have tried to make cakes from scratch before and they have never turned out as tasty or easy as this one. I have to admit that if I am short on time I have cheated and made a store-bought red velvet cake however I will not cheat on the icing. This icing is to die for! It is not like a traditional cream cheese frosting you will find on many Red Velvet Cakes. This one is almost like whipped cream but is very rich. It also is fairly simple to make as long as you follow the instructions and make sure the flour mixture is completely cooled before preparing the remainder of the icing.
Tim Holtz- Pen nib and Adage ticket
Spending time with real people again is like waking up from a dream. Ever since S left a month ago I've been alone with my imagination and the smell of pastel colored spring flowers on the bedroom window ledges. It's not necessarily a good thing. With Chloe here I have someone to talk to, to model dresses for and to spend late nights on the balcony with, breathing in the damp Atlantic air to the sounds of a city that never sleeps.
We went on our annual road trip to South Carolina two weeks ago. What a great trip! The weather was AMAZING. We were able to go to the beach every day, ride bikes, golf, walk, rent boats and fish. We crammed as much as we could into our 7 days there. And we drove, which was once again a great adventure. When stopping at a gas station in the Blue Ridge mountains of N.C., one of the kids, upon hearing the strong southern accent, asked, "what country are we in?".
As it was Saturday night, when I got home there was nowhere I could get my camera, so I put him in a container of of rice and hoped for the best.
They yell that life has room.
14 I'll Fly Away 3:37
Thanks, Mr Foxman, the truth will set you free!
Okay, so, let's get to the meat of the season. The whole Angel arc was just flat-out amazing, abounding with shocking developments, tragic ironies, and unintended consequences. His backstory is that he slaughtered a bunch of Gypsies, and the survivors of that tribe cursed him by restoring his soul so he could be tormented by remorse over his victims. But there's a failsafe clause--if having a soul ever leads to him knowing happiness again, then he loses it again. And what comes of that last little vicious twist of the knife? Two more dead Gypsies--one of them being Jenny's still-vengeful uncle, and the other being Jenny herself, even as she hurries to find a "cure" that would restore Angel's soul again. The episode where that happened, "Passion," just knocked me on my ass. Through my own careless curiosity on the internet, I had already learned that Jenny would die, and it still took my breath away, so I can only imagine what a gut-punch it must have delivered when it originally aired.
(Text Box comment Page 10)
federal gas penalty, and 5 mpg better than the Chevy Camaro ZL1. He also said the GT500 has enough torque to snap to 60 mph in first gear; how it keeps from shredding tires at every stoplight remains an open question.
5. The Girl I Left Behind Me
A Conversation with Vashti, Class of 2012
One of the book cover accounts she had was for Julian Messner, Inc. Publishers, who published a series of books under a line called "A Romance for Young Moderns" beginning in 1946. Louise Altson painted over 20 book covers for this series, several images of which I will present below. The original painting for Prima Ballerina resides with the Altson family.
Regular Exams
The rain is here....finally.
New pleasures
*Also, when you're focused on surviving, you don't care about all your "STUFF". When things are back to normal, I'll be doing a VERY deep clean to get rid of lots of superfluous CRAP.
laziness is doom
Several proposals catering to the Domestic Oil and Gas business were submitted to the Government for its evaluation and approval regarding KG-D6‘s revised field development plan for D26, CY-D6 ‘S appraisal program in February 2012, CBM’s gas pricing formulae and its discoveries D32 and D40 at NEC- 25.
BM: So that’s an invitation to Athene to pop round for a cup of coffee with us and one of Lucy’s famous raspberry and cream shortbreads. She can prop her spear in my umbrella stand.
Dear Wulong Tea,
The resultant federation of individually sovereign states worked splendidly for nearly 100 years, as unfettered and productive sovereign citizens were empowered to flourish in a relatively safe free-trade zone with sound money. Admittedly, the basic nature of our government began unraveling with the Civil War, and was effectively eviscerated by the Progressive atrocities committed in 1913, our darkest year (Amendments 16 & 17, and the Federal Reserve Act). Still, thoughtful students of our true history cannot be faulted for pining for a return of the halcyon days of our nation’s youth, when individual opportunity trumped collective victimhood for industrious citizens. Only the numbed minds of the easily deluded could consider the pernicious slide back into serfdom offered by the collectivists, as anything even approaching “progress.”
Open up the top of the model and round out the bottom as far as possible.
“Yeah. I guess it’s just something I can’t do.”
60% chili
PS Next time you have a Sunday Chicken Roast don’t forget to snap the lucky bone (and make a wish).
Thankful for the blessings God gave me today and praying for His presence as I go through tomorrow.
As Jack ranted, Tori mustered the energy to protest. “I was just unsure, okay? It’s just not that simple. There are other things to think about. “
For those into shopping, two events this weekend. Firstly the re-opening of the self-proclaimed ‘largest computer equipment shop in the world’, Surcouf on the Avenue Daumesnil. Some kind of large ‘meteorite’ will fall outside the shop, and early visitors will be able to pick up the pieces and claim a number of gifts. Surcouf state that prices will be as low as on the internet, but will they be as low as the neighbouring Chinese traders?
MELES: WE MUST SHOW CIC THAT WE ARE WILLING TO PAY THE PRICE
I am reading Barry Estabrook's Tomatoland right now and it is blowing my mind. I knew that off-season grocery store tomatoes didn't taste like anything, and that the conventionally grown ones were covered in pesticides, but what I didn't know was that they were most likely picked by slaves. Actual slaves, as in people "owned" by other people with absolutely no civil/human rights. I'm not quite halfway through the book but already I have vowed never to buy another out-of-season grocery store tomato, or a non-organic grocery store tomato, or a tomato grown in Florida, ever again.
Here is her cool sketch:
Schindler’s rather unsavory nature is then shadowed by a long series of good actions, in which his own factory becomes a camp in which innocent prisoners are treated like people, and given a good diet. Jews with occupations like musician or teacher are given forged papers, stating that they are metal workers and therefore “essential” to the war effort, saving them from deportation. Schindler reportedly kept SS officers out of his camp, either from bribes or invitations to come drink in his office, after which the soldiers would be too soused to remember their purpose at the camp. At one point, Schindler saves a young woman from Nazi Commandant Amon Goeth‘s (whose past-time was sniping prisoners from his balcony) home in a card game. Goeth would later be executed not far from the concentration camp he terrorized, though it took three tries for the noose to be effective.
The frame was purchased from the pound shop, yet again I fought my way through chavs and really hoped that my bag didn't split and the frames ( I bought two) didn't grown legs and scurry across the floor.
I still haven't been able to grasp the idea that we are moving down south. Until a month ago, I was pretty settled that we were planting our roots in Connecticut and was comfortable with the idea that my children were going to be raised here. We were even looking at homes to buy in the area, since we've outgrown our tiny 1600 sq foot home. But this new job opportunity came up for my husband and we jumped at it. Never in a million years did I think I'd live in Georgia. We have made Connecticut our home for 10 years and love the area and the wonderful friends we have made. We call them our family. But everyone I've talked to tells me that I will love Atlanta. I will still have a city...just not New York City, which I will miss so much. And I will have the Florida beaches...not Cape Cod. DisneyWorld is not so far away. And I hear it's very family oriented. So, never say never. You just never know what life will bring you...or take you.
You can still sponsor me by visiting my online fundraising page:
16. I have challenged myself to write six songs this year.
still in the fight, angel wings this night,
WIP, With a Cherry on Top, collage/acrylic, 15 x 30
This was an excellent book for me to read while visiting family. The simple style made it a very fast read and did not require much in the way of thought. It's the kind of book that you might want to read when you just want to pass time. There is a nice message, but the presentation is not particularly profound. The book is light reading fabricated for the commercial mass audience.
10. The lens is from 1865, an old brass Dallmeyer 9 inch with no diaphragm, so there’s nothing to stop down. Lens is wide open; no Waterhouse Stops.
There is a story here if the regular news media or the CLICO – CL Financial investigators and regulators cared, but they would rather let sleeping dogs lie. Especially if the taxpayers are on the hook for everything and there is no plan to recover assets from the former executives of the CL Financial group of pyramids, er, companies.
There are times where you have to suspend reality quite heavily for this book to work. (I recommend you go into this with a an open mind) The reactions and actions of some of the characters are just not realistic at all. But somehow Lies Beneath gets away with it. (Probably because if you were looking for a book about reality, mermaids are about the last place you would look.)
1 soil
TV, it didn’t happen.
Cello - Irene Aebi
Had the husband, patient or dentist called in advance to discuss this we could have come up with alternatives that may have prevented this hospitalization. If the primary care physician is not included in the care plan and kept current, how can one be expected to coordinate care?
The prince was released later that day after paying a R100 “admission of guilt” fine and is now being treated for a blown eardrum.
Vail visits to tell him this news. Aaron says he recalls nothing of what happened in the courtroom, having again "lost time." However, just as Vail is leaving, Aaron asks him to "tell Ms. Venable I hope her neck is okay," which is not something that Aaron should have been able to remember if he had "lost time." Vail points this out, whereupon Stampler grins slyly and reveals that he has been pretending to be insane the whole time. But he didn't make up the identity of Roy, he made up Aaron.
1/2 cup of Water.
Next up Dynamo Kiev away as our Europa League campaign really kicks in and its on ITV 4 from 5:30pm, 6pm KO.
Several days later....
This is a new TPS image its titled "100% Cute" its she gorgeous and you will find her here, Ive printed her onto white card and coloured her with my copic pens, then cut her out with my Nestabilitie Die Labels No.9 then drawn around the die to create the mount, the sentiment is one of the CC ones thats been mounted onto a piece of mauve card.
A simple, easy to play music form gave young wannabees a chance to learn their trade and make music that would change the world.
1 small can of hummus beans drained and rinsed
from: The New York Times
* front cover
Brown boards with Gilt titling to the Spine.
Interpublic Staffer Files $50M Discrimination Suit Against Holding Company
Wall of State-directed hate against Afrikaners:
So here’s my problem: Just killing Tania isn’t going to be enough. Unless It takes out Tania AND Nikki and possibly Steve B (which would all be pretty damn hard to pull off here at the last minute, because we’re about to leave Planet #6 and go home), the Captain’s secret murderous side isn’t going to be a secret anymore, once they return to Earth.
Now, when I say ‘diet’ I don’t mean that I will watch what I eat for 90 days and then, after reaching my goal weight, go back to eating all the candy I want. We all know that once you reach said weight, you have to maintain it… and you can’t do that by changing your diet back to the shit it was before.
Oh, and apparently, Zoe was telling the truth about her friends at summer camp wearing bras. Lizzie told her mom (Ali) the same thing and named names. Who knew! I say enjoy not wearing a bra as long as you can get away with it.
On Thursday, Kate put Alex to bed just as his eyelids got heavy and left the room. He immediately started crying. The crying intensified once he realized Kate wasn't coming right back in. Three minutes passed. Kate went in to comfort him without picking him up. The crying subsided momentarily, then picked up as she left the room. Six minutes passed. I went into the room, stroked his chest and told him everything was going to be all right. Then I left and the crying picked up again.
We need to be Likeminded: This means we need to have the same goal: to worship the one true God and share the one true gospel with others. Churches who are not united on this have no power to change the world since they are not united on their message.
So I think I need to set some realistic, but do-able goals for myself for the next three weeks. These include:
And it was wonderful.
Have you ever thought of a brilliant idea in your sleep, only to wake up and find that you can’t remember it?
10. Fast Track 3
the waters of life
Yes....... I was very pleased that I had ventured out to Jurassic park.
An M4 relief road was considered in the 1990’s and in the late 2000’s during the period of the One Wales Government (2007 – 2011) but it was finally dropped because of excessive cost. What followed was a systematic programme of enhancing the existing motorway, with improvements to the carriageway and the introduction of variable speed limits.
Because of his social position the boy was educated by the greatest scholars of his day. For several years between the ages of eight and twelve he remained under the tutelage of one of the most respected Greek scholars in the nation, who held the chair at Cambridge University in Civil Law and wrote the book that most strongly influenced government officials in determining policy. From age twelve to thirteen or fourteen he was tutored by one of the greatest antiquarians of the time, an Anglican prelate whose name can be found penned on the back of the oldest literary document claimed by England, perhaps the most famous document in our literary heritage, that of the Old English epic, Beowulf, together with the date "1562, " a year when it is known that the boy was with him.
I was not lying when I said I would not do anything but craft all day. I was able to finish 2 more layouts. The first one is a scrap lift. I saw the layout at the store and loved it. I bought the papers that went with it and did my own take with the embellishments. I wish I would have kept the picture of the original layout, but I trashed it as soon as I finished mine.
to make them act rationally
10/18 Phoenix, AZ @ Rubyroom
Perhaps the clouds now form a frame,
The following is taken from a transcript of the interview Carte Blanche conducted with his bereaved family in their July broadcast on blue light brigade abuses:
That doesn’t mean that our apartment is always clean. It’s clean a lot, but it’s also not clean a lot. And it doesn’t mean I have always been a clean person either. There is an embarrassing story about peanut butter on one of my textbooks my freshman year of college that makes me cringe now. But it makes me feel so much better to have everything clean and somewhat organized.
The man now announced that he would buy monkeys for $50! However, since he had to go to the city on some business, his assistant would now buy on his behalf.
I have been to Thailand many times but never get tired of this beautiful country, except one thing;
2. Add 4 tablespoons of water per apple
Now, of course I never pay any attention to DR — or for that matter its sibling TV2 — knowing that they are nothing but wireless ladies’-magazines with the occasional BBC-style biased news thrown in. But this evening was different.
Allow me to exaggerate. The Gillard government is doing itself more damage than Abbott could ever hope to hand them. I’m not talking specifically about the Peter Slipper fiasco here. I’m talking about everything. Pretty much every decision they have made, every action they have taken since they scraped back into power last time, or arguably since they cut down Kevin Rudd, has been calculated to lower not just the standing of the government of the day, but the standing of the party for a generation. Hmm, I know that was exaggeration, and yet it didn’t feel like it.
I just got around to reading Walter Jon William's newish novel, Deep State, a sequel to his This Is Not A Game. Basically, it's a novel about someone provoking an Arab Spring-style social-media revolution in a post-coup Turkey written just before the Arab Spring broke out. I spent part of the book arguing with his Turkish politics and history - he seems to buy into the "evil drug-running Kurd-slaughtering Military" narrative of Turkish politics. The AKP doesn't even seem to exist in his world-construction; even more weirdly, some off-the-cuff details here and there strongly suggests that the entire war on terror never happened - there's some suggestion that there was never an invasion of Iraq, given some of the geographical and basing details of the CIA or Company-like organization sponsoring the revolution.
Today I design and weave one-of-a-kind textiles using traditional looms, respecting and preserving an ancient form of art. I have four looms in my home studio and use only natural fibers: cotton, silk, tencel (fiber made from wood), bamboo and soy.
Stay tuned, for Big Things are happening this weekend!
Maybe Kansas is playing with house money. Kentucky’s locker room, yeah that’s where the expectations reside. The entire 2008 season of John Calipari’s Memphis squad (ended in a 75-68 overtime loss to Bill Self’s Kansas team) may not exist in the NCAA record books, but it rests in the mind of Cal. Maybe this year is different. The public raves of the commitment these players place on the defensive end and genuine joy of playing together. Can’t the same be said about Kansas?
.d.l.g.
Writing to a deadline means that you have to be far more disciplined with yourself, and I've had to get my act together a lot more than I did with Changeling (which I wrote here-and-there whenever I could fit the writing in). Now I try to write in the mornings after I have dropped the kids at school, when I am at my most productive.
An Interview with Deborah Hopkinson, Author of Titanic: Voices from the Disaster
Limitless
I’m definitely going to be rationing my half a jar.
On another note...I am SICK. Wahhhhh. Some sort of viral stomach thing (accompanied by a head cold, fever, chills, aches and pains) that I am calling the flu. Spent 3 hours at urgent care yesterday...why do they call it "urgent care"? I waited for at least 2 hours to be seen and there were only 5 people in the waiting room with me. REALLY?! URGENT CARE? I call 'em SLOW AS MOLASSES CARE. The dr told me to drink lots of liquids (as tolerated) and REST. Uh...he apparently doesn't know me well. I find it hard to sit still...well, except for when I'm sick I guess. I've been a sloth lately! Trying to see the bright side in that *hopefully* I'll be better by Thanksgiving and I'll be about 10 lbs lighter to boot!
Cool Grays are very blue-toned, and useful for shadows and metal.
Arriving at Bromsgrove, with a good ten minutes to purchase our tickets from the machine, the tannoy voice announces a delay of fifteen minutes, Oh dear, a twenty five minute wait.
I WANT THIS ONE!
Ercolini and a team of 26 women painstakingly went through every one of Rome's 16,550 streets to determine the gender balance. They found that 7,575 (45.7%) of the city's streets were named after men and just 580 (3.5%) were named after women. "That's proof of the discrimination," she says.
"Our managed and tenanted/leased divisions felt the effect of the slow down in consumer spending and continued cost pressures. Despite this, we saw very good growth in our managed house food and accommodation sales. Good progress was also made with National Sales customers where our performance in pub groups has been particularly encouraging. Significant progress has also been made in our Take Home business. Our beer volumes for the year grew by 1.2% in a market that was 6.4% down on a national basis. Our cask ale volumes grew by 6% compared to the national market for cask which was circa 1.7% adverse. This means we continued to grow share across the year.
I was having a debate with an atheist on Facebook and this guy did nothing but duck and dodge by citations of peer-reviewed evidence, like the paper from December 2011 on the oxygen in the early Earth’s atmosphere, which destroys naturalistic origin of life scenarios. My favorite of his speculations was when he responded to the Big Bang cosmology by saying “one can easily envision a scenario in which the universe has existed eternally”. Or something like that. Atheists – always easily envisioning things that are falsified by the available experimental evidence.
For some of the free e-tutorials or e-pictorials you can obtain them the same way or click on a link in a website and/or blog and it either opens up a new window containing the .PDF file or it opens the .PDF file directly and it becomes visible on your computer.
I tried four different writing software programs and three different writing processors.
I also want to thank the lovely people who have left comments and well wishes in my last post. I do not intend to be such a downer but sometimes, life really gets to you, you know? Anyway, thank you very much! The world can definitely use more people like you guys. Spread the love! Bless your hearts.
2 tablespoons of flour
"With ISI support, Haqqani operatives planned and conducted the truck bomb attack, as well as the assault on our embassy," Mullen said of the recent attack on a base in Wardak that wounded 77 U.S. soldiers. "We also have credible intelligence that they were behind the June 28 attack against the Inter-Continental Hotel in Kabul and a host of other smaller but effective operations."
When considering the difference in proportional representation, some of the most under-represented areas are Northern Ireland, London and the South East. Other stations are receiving far more money per person in the region, such as Scotland and the North West.
Now I know what the salad feels like being stuck between two slices of the bread.
Yes, it kept me awake.
I wanted his family to be able to visit him from their tree and thought he deserved a nice, little memorial. I cried a little bit and then went inside and left him to rest in peace.
I’ve never had so much fun writing a book. Julia was a joyful, enthusiastic, energetic person with a great sense of humor. I tried to channel that into Minette’s Feast. And Amy Bates’ illustrations are perfect. They’re both historically accurate (we worked on that a lot!) and full of feeling, and they really capture the look of Paris in the late 1940’s, as well as Julia’s warmth and personality.
I have some old t-shirts tucked away in one of my sewing drawers, just waiting to become something else one day in life. These have an inner and snap-in liner made of fluffy Bamboo Fleece. A snap plier set easily makes these adjustable, but you could use a snappi or sew on Velcro, which the babes LOOOOOVE to rip off.
Everdark (Dark Ink Chronicles Series #2)
I hope you all have a great day with your families!!!
Remember to post your projects using Inlinkz no later than 12:00 noon Central time on Friday, June 3, 2011. We will announce the winner of the stamp set and the new Top Mouse Award winners when the new sketch challenge is posted on Saturday, June 4th. Please use a direct link to your project and feel free to enter as many times as you like!
7. One Ring Jane
I don’t know if I want to extend this or make the time faster but right now I want to sustain it for a while!
“We had the original objects, the original information.” Looking at them, junior Yeranosyan says, “you feel the same thing they felt 50 years ago.”
02 Novelty
Kraft Cardstock - Recollections
Jeff Chiu / AP
09-Phantoms-Limbo Rock.mp3
The tutor bought round bead mats for us to work on so the beads did not roll away and we had a choice of 4 different bead colours – gold, silver, grey, or blue (the grey and blue were actually quite ‘rainbow’ style with different shading running through each bead).
What might be done to put a Dalit presence into media? Two suggestions. Neither an answer, but both worth considering.
Then it was my turn. She showed me my HSG pictures and said everything looked good but there’s a slight chance one of my tubes was inconclusive. Because the dye spilled so fast from one side she figures there wasn’t enough pressure to have a similar spill on the other side. Both tubes spilled though and that’s what’s important. She isn’t concerned but said if I really really wanted to know we could do another HSG but doesn’t find it necessary.
Egypt 59 Lebanon 81 Turkey 76
Got a bail of hay this evening, placed it right next to the goat fence, that way the goats can eat it from inside and everyone else can eat it from the outside. Cleo is out eating it now. Had to go check to see why the water pump was running, when Randy drove his tractor out back to drop off the hay, he ran over the “y” and turned the hose on. It’ s been running for a couple of hours.
So, that is my current food obsession that I share with you. Find some! Quickly. And eat it! It’s good!!
1 extracted
I chose a college primarily because of its reputation as a “party school.” After all, college wasn’t just about getting an education and launching my career–it was also about having a good time, right? And boy, did I ever have a good time! So good, in fact, that I quickly found that things like going to class, doing my homework, and showing up for tests were all getting in the way.
It appears that Workers’ Party thinks that Hougang residents will vote for them, no matter what.
Delta County Independent
Happiest looking students: #1 Wesleyan, #2 Franklin and Marshall (even in the rain)
Steve spotted the tracks first.
Congratulations to these talented stampers! Please click on their names to go to their blogs and get details on how they created these fantastic cards and leave them some congrats too! Pat, Amber Joy, and Vanessa: please grab your Top Three blog badge on the side and display with pride on your blogs. Watch for your cards to be featured in our slide show and contact me at khasheck@gmail.com if you would like to be a guest design team member in a future challenge. You would get the sponsor's images to play with and be featured on a the challenge blog post.
Based on past contests, around 20% of the entries will have very strong writing with a couple getting perfect scores of 45. I set this top group aside and read them a second time. This stage is where the better story (in my view) will win. This stage is subjective.
An air cleaner or purifier is only as good as the air filter it uses. And no, one size does not fit all. Find out about the family of air filters available to consumers and how each one deals with certain kinds of pollution such as allergens, dust mites, bacteria, viruses, micro-organisms, smoke, chemicals, odors, etc.
Baking Soda - 1 tbsp.
EGMONT was founded 130 years ago in Copenhagen, Denmark, and has since grown into a global company with offices in London, New York and Sydney. All the offices are known to work closely together. Apart from being the biggest children’s book publisher in the UK, they are also the No. 1 character publisher in the UK (more about this later).
“They’re waiting out in cyberspace
I’ll try it again either tomorrow or the day after. There are plenty of other things to do. A book needs to be written. Cleaning needs to happen. A family needs to be subtly taken care of from the shadows
And beautiful is that symmetry between piece strength and colour, that green is the actual colour made when mixing blue and yellow and the queen is the combined strength of a blue rook and yellow golden bishop. Also those pieces of equal strength, the knight and the bishop, are gold and red, red golden, side by side between light green and white king, dark green and black king. The middle ranks between them have all the colours of alchemy, red, gold and black as well as white, dpending on each side. There they are on the tablet with blue philosophical corner edges, 4 blue rooks (each side has the same colour except black and white pieces but one colour is a darker colour than the other, so we have in case of rook, dark blue one side a lighter blue on the other, a light green queen on one and dark green on another etc with the others- excepting the king and pawns whom are black and white depending on which side). Here is the surrealistic chessboard of love of storyland, brought back to life! Given colur in his scintlliating dance of forms, of movement. On this the artistic imagination may play, and that playing itself is the artistic process, the whole point of the art, living art, art in action, fluid and changeable like the Tao. A pleasant dance of dualities whom are not set in contrast, its just part light part dark, rather than complete light versus complete darkness and thus the dualism is changed also in this. Just to design one template set and leave it to posterity like this is a beautiful work of art when considering all its ramifications.
“I don’t care. If you say is Anwar gay? I say maybe. But you cannot become prime minister. That is the reality,” said Raja Petra (picture) in an interview published today the Malay-language Mingguan Malaysia.
2. Slice zucchini and eggplant in half lengthwise, then cut into 1/2 inch thick slices. Peel and cut onion into similarly-sized chunks. Remove seeds and core from the bell peppers and chop into 1/2 inch pieces. Place all the veggies on a large sheet pan (if it seems too crowded, use 2). Add the cherry tomatoes. Break apart the head of garlic and discard any excess papery skin. Sprinkle the cloves over the vegetables.
CIA report predicting that Israel won’t survive, 1947 Republicans give Obama a new campaign slogan Brilliant: Google street view exposes top secret IDF base FDR used the Jews, and the Jews tried to enlist the Republicans for their cause Former Palestinian Communications Ministers Slams Attorney General Over Web Censorship Biotechnology milestone as Israeli drug gains FDA approval Overnight music video Video: Latma–Yuval Diskin Consults and Freddie Spin Plans the Elections IDF denies it held a secret chemical drill Rabin assassin’s brother released from prison 4-May-12: Fewer terror attacks? It’s no accident Who shall live and who shall die? Beinart vs Gordis Deathmatch 4-May-12: The bloodbath that is Syria: can anyone make any sense of it? LATMA’s tribal update featuring Yuval Diskin consulting and Freddie Spin planning the elections Guess The Lover In Honor Of Star Wars Day This is not a parody: Muslim joining ADL Board of Directors Surprise: Most Israelis want elections in November 2013 just like they were supposed to be Moran Samuel On The ‘Italian Job’ Hamas cynically celebrates World Press Freedom Day Antisemitic Belgian Waffle
The current shining star in Scottish football, Forrest appears to be destined to play at a high level throughout his career. He has inevitably been likened to Aiden McGeady by pundits but has a better goal to game ratio than McGeady did at this time and perhaps more importantly appears to be able to adapt to the goldfish bowl surroundings in Glasgow that McGeady could never. Forrest already has four Scotland caps to his name and has been linked with a high profile transfer to Tottenham. What has been clear this season is that when Celtic were poor in October and November, it was Forrest who was frequently their best player and spurred on his team mates. Forrest appears to have a brilliant career ahead of him proven by being the only Scottish inclusion in the recently compiled list of the World’s 100 Best Young Players for 2012.
You were the most content newborn, who turned into THE happiest baby, the funnest most active toddler, and the most confident loving little boy. You are not so little anymore, in fact you are growing and maturing right before my eyes. You have turned into an amazing boy. You love with everything you are. You do not hesitate to meet any need that you see.
Join the Movement to Save Our Children!
I grew up in North America. My parents where Europeans, they immigrated to N-America in the early seventies. There my father, at the age of 33 years old, found Christ and also adopted me shortly after.
What could have been done more to my vineyard, that I have not done in it? wherefore, when I looked that it should bring forth grapes, brought it forth wild grapes?
These trees are all over the county.
On the other hand however, the media industry is transforming so rapidly that it has become more unstable and unpredictable than ever before.
I am giving multiple gift cards to my daughter and her fiancé- nothing extravagant but enough for the two of them to have four different simple meals this winter without spending a lot of money or making a lot of fuss. I wanted to do something along the lines of recipe cards- so broke the cards down to coffee, salad, soup, poultry and fish- to correspond to the gift cards. I used an old jewelry gift box and covered it in BoBunny paper and made the fold out section with kraft paper- I used the From My Kitchen Cartridge and for the top made a medallion with layered snowflakes for the Winter Lace Cartridge. I was pretty happy with it and will be using this idea in the future- probably similar for my son’s high school graduation gift.
It`s 1973 and maybe some of you brothers will have recognized,that I really love these days.Oh god,what a great time for making music!
How do they ever come up with -
I begin by drinking lots of coffee. Then I write until my back aches. I can go for many, many hours. But I don’t write every day. In fact, I can go weeks without writing. But, the story, or poem, is always there circling. I am always “writing” in a way, filtering the world through the project I am at. So, when I do sit down, I am ready to strike.
Greek Poppers with Tzatziki
It's a stunning tree when in bloom.
Since 2007, the rate has increased each year: 29.5 percent in June 2008, 44.7 percent in 2009 and 48.8 percent in 2010, based on EPI’s analysis.
G.) Head hunter from Malaysia
They had different classes for both adults and children. It was a sunny day, and all the riders had a great time.
We've got snow that is stuck to the ground...
Foiled: U.S. Attorney Steven Dettelbach, left, and FBI special agent in charge Stephen Anthony walk past a map showing the location of a bridge on Ohio Rt. 82 south of Cleveland on Tuesday, May 1, 2012
Special Award MONICA MASON contribution to dance.
I created a little Gotham-esque city scape on the side of our kitchen island using my trusty contact paper. It made for a really cute backdrop for photos. I'll post more pics of this project in progress tomorrow. It was super simple.
Jamie and I had a fun "Commercial Bowl" party. We weren't into the football but we love the commercials ( my favorite was the Mayan end of the world commercial ) We did have a platter of food to enjoy though:
140g cold butter, diced (9 3/4 TBS)
It feels like I haven't been around for such a long time and I really have missed you!
A billboard erected in one of the city’s most racially diverse neighborhoods featured an African slave with the biblical quote, “Slaves, obey your masters.” It lasted less than a day before someone tore it down.
Quiet apart from these anomalies, there is good basis in the language of Act No. 671 for the inference that the National Assembly restricted the life of the emergency powers of the President to the time the Legislature was prevented from holding sessions due to enemy action or other causes brought on by the war. Section 3 provides:
I was exhausted. I couldn’t think straight, the house was a mess because everything was getting on top of me, and the children were getting on my nerves. I’d shout at them for the least thing, and the food I served them was rubbish. We’d become completely dysfunctional and I was scared of where we were heading.
Stay Up Late lyrics
This is a young girl, in college. I have not yet had the privilege to meet her as this is her first trip. She has never been to China and just randomly found the trip and felt God say GO. These young girls on my team, I am certain God placed them there for ME to learn from. Because I am sure there are MANY things a girl her age could use the extra money on. But she is choosing to SHARE it with a team of people she does not even know.
Jongleur Skills: In Ara, Jongleurs use the 2d6 Bardery skill system based upon Dyson Logos' 2d6 Thievery mechanic. In addition to the three standard Bard skills -- Charm Person / Monster, Legend Lore, and Read Languages / Arcane Scrolls -- Jongleurs get one additional skill, Weapons Display, plus a special ability (no skill roll required) called Multiple Object Throwing. Like standard Bards, Jongleurs only get ONE "Favored Skill" -- all other skills roll on the "Other Skills" column on the Table below.
We will be taking a holiday break from new postings until January 2, 2012, but don’t let that stop you from going through the archives and reading the thought-provoking poetry and essays submitted by visually impaired writers and also some writers who have special relationships with visually impaired and blind people. If you are inspired by these pieces, please comment or write something of your own and submit to visionthroughwords@gmail.com (Click on the Submissions tab for more details).
So, busy, but a good kind of busy.
Throughout the day my boys go through so many ranges of emotion. They laugh, cry, leap for joy and do it all over again. They express their likes and dislikes and do not stiffle their emotions. They lay it all on the line whether we like it or not. If Aiden is hungry and wants a PB& J he doesn't care if we have a to-do list a mile long. His hunger doesn't have a pause button. If Ehric has something to say or if he is curious about something he is going to ask. If only we were all so intune to ourselves the way children are...what a different world would we live in.
Madame Tussauds
When it comes to finishing what I start...
Whether you know one scripture or not.
At the 1977 assembly, the new LCWR president, Sister Joan Doyle, BVM, related that sisters were moving into “socio-political ministries” in or out of Church institutions, and she called for women’s involvement in decision-making at every level of the Church, as well as “active participation in all aspects of the church’s ministry.” It was during the 1970s that the LCWR board voted to join the National Organization for Women’s boycott of convention sites in states that had not ratified the Equal Rights Amendment, and the board obtained NGO status for the LCWR at the United Nations.
Kim Bailey Racing Partnership
With much affection and gratitude and, to be honest, a little bit of desire,
I should have known that this is the kind of thing that happens when you start rolling with the big boys such as Molson Coors.
Fresh tomatoes, diced
In 2008, Jim Stone hacked into the corporate computers of GlaxoSmithKline Pharmaceuticals.
Aren’t they adorable, when I saw them I simply knew I must have them. They are for my many nephew and nieces and goddaughter and brother and son and me, so Mum has a big job on. Keep working Mum and no slacking.
Today I had time and light to photograph my busy daughter wearing my hoops. She was so funny and got tickled just standing there. We ended up having a laughing fit on the back porch..over nothing. It was wonderful.
I went walking earlier and I have been drinking my water. Today is a good diet day! I had a bowl of cereal for dinner, fiber one!! Nom nom… I needed a way to incorporate fiber into my diet so why not eat something with fiber in the title. With milk it is only 200 calories for 1 serving. My goal is usually to stay at or around 500 calories per meal so I can eat 2 servings and still not make the 500 woot woot. Cereal is great for when I am being lazy.
Right now my favorite breakfast is a large fruit salad drizzled with chlorella cream, some raw granola for crunch and maybe some nut milk if I have any on hand (speaking of which, the nut milk video is coming soon!!!). Be careful, this combo is crazy-addictive!
A plunger now lives next to the toilet.
I apologize for my awkwardness, I am not used to talking to a camera and everyone in the house was asleep so I had to be kind of quiet. As far as randomly saying the date at the end, I didn’t think the video was long enough and that I should try to make it longer. And my camera cut me off right before I said “bye!” hopefully that will be fixed next time. Otherwise I hope you enjoyed!
Oh, and BTW, the new March KOM is totally amazing! Can't wait to get mine so I can play!!! Be sure to check it out.
O: Onomatopoeia ~ Now I realize this isn’t a place. Boom! Crash!Zoom! It is a way of life! As far as places are concerned, I would also list Oklahoma City, OK. I have visited the memorial there and found it to be profoundly moving.
It's hard to miss a man for two weeks,
It’s difficult to assess al Qaeda’s internal processes precisely because these processes are covert. Although many commentators seemingly have a lot to say about al Qaeda’s current internal processes, the fact is that we know far less about them than we should like. It is thus difficult to say what adaptations the group is making due to bin Laden’s death, except for the rather obvious: al Qaeda’s core leadership would like to re-establish their operational security and regenerate their capabilities. I imagine their playbook for this looks very much like it did in the 2002-2005 period. Much of al Qaeda’s visible adaptations — such as a growing organizational focus on the Arab world itself — are attributable more to the Arab Spring than to bin Laden’s death.
I'm
The mess that’s been made
But at least this airport has wireless access.
Heat 1 or 2 tablespoons of oil in a large pan, over a medium heat and add the ginger, chilli and garlic. Cook for a few seconds then add in the vegetables. Cook for 2 or 3 minutes until slightly softened but not mushy. Stir in the soy and vinegar and season with a little salt & black pepper, taste for seasoning. Set aside to cool.
and many Noahs too,
and he with me."
He reminded me that many years ago I agreed that one day we could just 'wing it a bit' with regard to holidays, when we didn't have kids to consider...because when we had kids to consider/carry/feed/play with etc., I always needed to know where we were going, for how long, what the accommodation was like, what kind of weather did I need to pack the many bags for etc., etc., whereas now it is just the two of us and we can have more of an adventure....hhhhmmmmm. He tells me we need only hand luggage, and he promises it will be hot so just shorts (me? in shorts??? oh well as long as I don't scare local animals and small children) and t shirts with maybe just a jumper for the night time. The word rustic was used a few times...not sure if he meant where we are going or my knees.
About 20 thousand voter identity cards from nine villages – Idinthakarai, Thomaiyapuram, Perumanal, Kuduthalai, Vairavikinaru, Kuttapulli, Kuthankulli and Avaidaiyalpuram were collected today and will be surrendered to respective Tahsildars after completing collection at rest villages, according to Pushparayan.
Another part оf thе ultra setting would be thе Direct-X compatible sound card thаt has motherboard capabilities іn delivering а high quality sound. These cards аre normally internal or external аnd сan bе attached tо а surround sound system fоr a ultra gaming experience.An active Broadband Internet connection iѕ neсessаrу fоr normal and ultra settings.
The South Downs of East Sussex rolled by, gently undulating with spring green femininity as we made our way through the former stomping ground of both the late Doreen Valiente and Evan John Jones who once lived close by. We were on a sacred pilgrimage to a place where Roy Bowers (aka Robert Cochrane) and other members of his Clan including Evan John Jones, Doreen Valiente and Bill Gray had once worked a rite together at All Hallows which has since been studied fervently by those wishing to continue Roy’s pioneering work in the early days of The Clan of Tubal Cain. This has been beautifully described by Bill Gray and is now featured in a book documenting Bill’s life and work. (‘The Old Sod’ published by Skylight Press who kindly allowed me to reproduce the passage in Part One)
you tag know they've been tagged.
Therefore most gladly I will rather boast in my weaknesses,
Strap on the chute and get on the plane, big guy. I’ll be happy to be the jumpmaster who puts a boot up your ass as you and your bullion exit over the drop zone.
The TV is turned off
How’s your prayer life? It’s interesting how we are often prone to talk to everyone else about our problems and needs, but not to the One who can do something about them.
I did not spend the night at the hospital. I'm too old for that spending the night with a full sized man in a single bed.
One friend of mine said she was baptized in the name of the Trinity doctrine. But she was not satisfied. Hmm..what could it be? So she got baptized in the name of Jesus Christ. She got happy and said that is what I was looking for.
When Lorelei’s old school mysteriously burns down, a new one appears practically overnight: Splendid Academy. Rock-climbing walls on the playground and golden bowls of candy on every desk? Gourmet meals in the cafeteria, served by waiters? Optional homework and two recess periods a day? It’s every kids’s dream.
4: Goldnight commander(W), Midvast Protector(W), Elgaud shieldmate(U)
Beltain, the pagan fire holiday is due to take place tomorrow(and the next day). It is a holiday of beginnings, of putting seeds of mind and matter into the appropriate environment. It is a holiday preparing for hard work and growth and it the holiday to seal committed relationships in order to make them fertile and strong.
Sweetness, come to Momma.
Recent studies show that more people are becoming visually inclined as opposed to anything else. Every day we view things in our environment, and photography allows us to capture those images. These are things to keep in mind when deciding the best digital camera to buy, it’s all about knowing which kind of digital camera you need.
For the cake stand and the footed bowl, I simply picked up a glass bowl and a decorative glass plate, also at the dollar store, and followed the same process from above. The bowl was great at Christmastime, because I displayed the christmas crayons I made for the kids in them! And now, I have a cute little nest with blue egg soaps for spring!
1/2 lb andouille sausage, sliced
So I digress, sorry.
There he had a vision. He saw a man in white with a blue and red cross on his chest. The man had placed his hands on two prisoners: one of whom was white, the other a Moor
Decorchick!
What this info conveys is (whether you and I like it or not), there is no way anyone is ever going to prevent this war from taking place. We may perhaps be able to postpone it slightly, but this Great African War SHALL happen. Whether the blacks want to get rid of us or not, that is not the issue here. Their fight with us is another fight, something very different, but this is their own fight, not ours.
And what’s really happening? Angel is learning “to deny her identity, slowly cosseting herself away from the truth. She was learning to triumph over reality, and the truth was beginning to leave her in peace.”
“Ejustice.fr’s complaint seems to echo these concerns.”
She is too busy going to dinner parties, and Prince Charles too busy lecturing us all on the joys and benefits of Islam, to give a toss about British troops and stand up for them and their interests.
Thus, at least I fulfilled my promise of baking a 'soft soft' cake for Ah Girl. She loves it and nothing makes me happier seeing her enjoying the cake.
Jessica Spiegel, Pro bono coordinator, BBA Volunteer Lawyers Project- Moderator
I hate to diverge from the retro oriented topics; however, I can't help but mention our experience on the utterly destroyed beaches on the Gulf. The Gilligan family is vacationing in my favorite part of the country, The French Quarter. We decided to stop by the beach en route and were highly disturbed by what we saw.
It's time for the cloth diaper giveaway roundup! Peruse the list of cloth diaper/accessory/baby wearing giveaways I've found, and enter what you like!
09 - gene maltais - crazy baby
Try to stamp on a larger piece of fabric which you will cut & stitch into your project, rather than stamping directly on a finished piece in case you ruin your stitchy masterpiece :)
Aren't the colors just beautiful.
Have a good week,
"The people who win in Brussels get 90% of what they want at the Commission (the executive arm of the EU)," a senior British EU official told the BBC, speaking on the condition of anonymity.
Make an appointment with the Great Optometrist. Let Him give you His prescription lenses-His way of seeing things. Trade in your Woe-Is-Me-Wear for Jesus-In-Me-Wear. If you let Him, He will reveal His heart to you.
I returned home to find my cable and internet turned off again! I called the cable company and found out that they had missed up on my account information and did not get their money, even after I received a bill from them stating that they had! Now because of their mistake, I am three months behind on something I have never been behind on before.
Then it was back to my parents' house to make dinner and get ready for the goal race in the morning. Kim was sweet enough to print out a pace band and take charge of getting me to the finish line in under 2 hours.
Join the Conservancy's Junior Committee for our first Halloween party, at One Brooklyn Bridge Park.
He lives to love, but only seems to hate
But sadly it was not to be.
We are planning to launch an embroidery house in August 2012, where survivors of Bride trafficking will be helped in their sustainable rehabilitation. Now, we are focusing on this project. Approximately 25 survivors are being trained who will take the charge of Empower people.
You’ve probably had the worst luck ever in terms of your publishing experiences – Tell Us All…
My best friend Sue and I both share a love for Hello Kitty, so I wanted to make her some sort of Hello Kitty cake for her birthday this year. Last year I made her this cake inspired by Boston cream pie, and while I thought it looked pretty, it didn't live up to my expectations in the taste department. So this year I wanted to make her something that tasted great, and since I know she loved my triple chocolate mousse cake, I decided to make her a Hello Kitty triple chocolate mousse cake!
I miss walking beside him.
Hathaway plays Andrea aka ‘Andy’ Sachs, a graduate from Northwestern University, who somehow despite being totally wrong for the job – lands it. While we learn about the inner workings of the fashion industry, for Andy Sachs, she now finds herself right smack in the heart of what could be called the viper’s nest, or the lion’s den, or even dead center in the middle of a maze where an entire rat pack moves continuously at high speed. Her boss is the titular ‘Devil Who Wears Prada’, or said out of her hearing – The Dragon Lady.
The Beauty of Spiritual Experiences
That excerpt came from an ESPN.com article and it’s not made clear in the article where Brown made the remarks. Are they what got him in trouble? Were they made in response to the controversy? It doesn’t really matter because he’s dead on the mark.
As Various Positions opens, fourteen-year-old Georgia Slade is struggling with the sudden interest in sex at her high school, where parties have begun to feature a disturbing game called Chicken, and is about to audition for the Royal Toronto Ballet Academy. Her parents are fighting: her mother, Lena, is depressed and her father, Lawrence, whom she worships, is utterly uninterested in her audition, since ballet is feminine rather than feminist, and he wants (or thinks he wants) his daughters to be serious-minded.
It took me less than 24 hours to recognize that artist in me that I have ignored for many years in exchange for earning an above minimum wage for the sake of my kids. I auditioned for a well known game show where I met a woman who turned out to be an artist and a blogger as well. We talked about a lot of things. Surprisingly our conversation made me forget that I have not slept for more than 20 hours and that my feet were already killing me. I even felt like a kid pouring my self into every story that I told her . I became to understand a lot of things about myself and why marriage did not work. In less than a day I had opened my heart to a stranger which does not happen everyday. With so many stories shared, she fearlessly told me to write again. I immediately expressed my hesitancy. I am not after all a writer and it had been more than twelve years. Without blinking , she added that as beginners, one does not write to have an audience. One writes to express who she really is.
It hasn't always been this way.
A diamond in the ROUGH for sure....
The lowest shelf is canned goods. I found some risers at Target and they work great - now I can see everything. Next to the risers is our supply of Costco tomato bisque soup. Have ya'll had this stuff? I don't recommend you try it unless you never want to be able to eat another brand of tomato soup ever again. It's that good.
God blesses those who work for peace,
“The adaptations to her new flat will continue over the next week then it is hoped that Ms Parma will sign her tenancy agreement and move into her new home, where her social worker will ensure her care package meets her needs.”
The 50.1 percent figure is almost double the average teen unemployment rate in June 2007 in the District, when it was 26.2 percent, according to Saltsman.
Hm, the model for the new Filippa K menswear spring/summer season! (I've seen him on billboards and he's the one you see when you first click over to the website, before entering!) Swoon, thud...
hmm…it have a bad ending…I guess sad ending…that boy…he died at the end…cause of loss of lot of blood…n the girl…I dunno if it end same with her o not…because..she hurt herself too…
The hairstyle starts with razoring in the back. This is where your hairstylist with strategically cut the top portion of your hair as if producing a short hairstyle. This is important to give your hair a fluffy appearance on top. Depending on how you want your hair to look, your hairstylist may layer your hair the rest of the way down so that the blend looks more natural.
You could learn ways to make it even more difficult for them.
But the recipe kept calling my name. First, it had been featured on Good Morning America as Sam Champion's favorite macaroni and cheese. And it came from the Dinosaur Bar-B-Que, which is a very popular restaurant here (there are also locations in Syracuse and New York City). I've only been there once or twice, but I remember the food being excellent and the atmosphere fun (it often has live music, mostly blues). I've also had some of their catered food and it's been heads and shoulders above most catered food I've had.
Separate dough into two logs, and flatten into rectangles. Add a log of almond paste in the center of each rectangle and roll dough around it. Pinch edges and turn the loaves seam side down.
I’m gonna stop doing daily updates. I just can’t fit it into my schedule, and I doubt I can keep this up (my laziness has been showing lately).
Industry will play a major role in defining the curriculum, delivery (guest lectures, industry visits, part-time faculty), work experience (internships and employment). The programme would create professionals who are highly employable and can “hit the ground running”.
Yet I like to think that "parody" doesn't necessarily have to be funny, but can be homage or critique as well. My parodies are loose ones - and I've deliberately not mentioned the poet I'm thinking of in each one (they are well known ones, and not necessarily ones I've read that much.) What struck me in writing this series was how "parody" is a little like Mike Yarwood or Rory Bremner's impressions. You don't necessarily know the parodied writer that well, but there has to be enough of "signature" (the equivalent of a facial tic or a particular prop that a Bremner or Yarwood might accentuate) for you to do something "in the style of" that is in itself a new poem. There are quite a number of prize winning poets that I'd find it hard to pull out what their USP was. Even with these, I do wonder whether a poem like "Playing with Guns" is "generic Irish poet" rather than the one I was thinking of.
Oh, and here is the video I put together! Until later!
Place the smothered kale into a food dehydrator at 130 degrees for 9-10 hours, or until a desired crispiness is reached.
Making my home my own has been a journey,
YOU will also be responsible for the results of that wait and see plan. I'd like to point out Katrina as a history lesson for those who wait and ignore warnings of trouble ahead.
The hit threw him high in the air, made him tumble like an acrobat, like a bag of old clothes.
I also got these three parallels from 2011 Topps Update. The odd thing about the Updated Rockies is that all three of these guys are now former Rockies. Mortensen was sent to Boston for Marco Scutaro, while Daley and Ellis signed as free agents with the Yankees and Dodgers respectively.
There were 3 colors,each of an alkaline and a non alkaline earthenware glaze.
Why you?
a bit of an identity crisis..
In a letter to Emerson, Lydia Brandt, Balentine’s attorney, said prosecutors are needlessly rushing an execution date as she plans to file a federal case on behalf of her client.
Now, enjoy a few pictures...
This letter is great, because it is so true. I have not been to Library School myself (and somehow manage to perform my job) but I imagine that they don’t tell you about kids tracking poop through the Children’s Room, women having miscarriages in the bathroom, skateboarders walking in to the library in shock and covered in blood, teens putting a strange – and still unidentified – jelly substance on the light switches, teens making out in the bathrooms, dealing with homeless people or the various bodily fluids you will personally be cleaning up yourself.
I can tell he’s really worried about me. He says it. Jules, Ezra, and Daniel haven’t touched anything since Thursday involving this treasure. They have been taking turns monitoring me, which is silly because they are denying it and I’m fine. They think I might be “infected”. I don’t know what that means. There have been weird emotions going on with us all. We may have all gotten more than we bargained for. I think we are on the brink of a once in a lifetime opportunity.
Feature:
Lise Watier Concealer
I’m a baby boomer, and some of my readers are also.
On the contrary, they testify that immediately after this supper, He went with His apostles upon the Mount of Olives, where He gave up His Spirit to sadness, and was in anguish while His apostles slept, at a short distance. They contradict each other upon the day on which they say the Lord’s Supper took place; because on one side, they note that it took place Easter-eve, that is, the evening of the first day of Azymes, or of the feast of unleavened bread; as it is noted (1) in Exodus, (2) in Leviticus, and (3) in Numbers; and, on the other hand, they say that He was crucified the day following the Lord’s Supper, about midday after the Jews had His trial during the whole night and morning.
So the guy lived happily ever after and rode motor cycles and went fishing and hunting and played golf a lot and drank beer and drank beer and scotch and left the toilet seat up and farted whenever he wanted.
It was midnight. I was exhausted and needed a couple hours of sleep. We’d gone into Pearl Harbor and picked up Commodore Kenny and his inspection team. The ship was doing well, but I felt I needed to be too many places at once. For this, the overnight supervisors would have to drive Santa Fe into position: accounting for the movements of the enemy, the interfering maritime traffic, the wind and sea conditions, and a number of other factors.
Kegged: 07-24-2008
I soldiered on, with time running out, and a large area of hardboard to cover with oil paint.
Even in the few years that they had been together, Niikam had seen his partner save others from misfortune. Gangs also roamed the desolate lands outside of the cities and those on the outskirts were ignored by authorities. It was gang rule and that was one thing Jesphan did not stand by. He might be a mysterious stranger that took what he needed and lived without any connections to the city, but he did not believe in taking people’s lives or dignity. He had watched on one such occasion, late at night, when a gang had happened upon a lone farmhouse where a mother and daughter waited vigil for the father. Instead, these gruesome men happened upon the house, malice and savage thoughts clear in their eyes. Jesphan had waited patiently in the shadows until the group had descended upon the house. Niikam, out of fear, had sidled back deep behind a dead tree and when he had turned to see if anything had happened, his companion was gone. There was a short flash of light and a low, bang, almost like thunder, that rattled the window panes. Then, Jesphan had stepped out and walked past into the plains with no acknowledgement to the mother and daughter or to Niikam. He had thought about asking Jesphan in regards to what had happened, but thought better of it. Something about his partner’s stoic expression bent him to silence.
5) Spoon batter into prepared loaf pan. Smooth out top and rap pan on counter to settle batter. Bake until cake is golden-brown and a wooden pick inserted into the center comes out clean, about an hour.
And now, if there’s a Third Lebanon War, Hezbollah sits in the Lebanese government. It is no longer a militia sitting in south Lebanon. It is a party in the Lebanese government. So if it fires on us, we’ll need a different doctrine covering what to do. The Lebanese government includes a party that has a militia that is firing on you. It’s not the Lebanese Army that is attacking you, but you are being attacked by a force that is in the government.
Whew! So the only extra things we used, in the end, were the cardboard cores that would otherwise have been recycled, and the bowls from her kitchen cabinets. Mission accomplished.
The kit will have a circle on the back of the package. You will need to cut it out. This will become the template for you fabric.
Firstly, let’s start with that nonsense that homosexuality is unnatural. It’s honestly quite hard to justify this. Estimates on the number of homosexuals in the world vary, but it’s general considered that, in societies where homosexuality is not actively discriminated against, about 10% of the population is gay. That might not be much, but if you were on a bus with another twenty or so people, chances are, two of you are gay. If you take that same population and consider how many people on that bus are train-spotters, or professional artists, you might begin to realise that 10% isn’t especially small. It’s important to remember that being part of a minority does not make you abnormal.
Earlier this evening we heard the mournful death cries of a large animal - possibly a buffalo - being taken down by a predator. We couldn't see what or where this was happening but the cries carried far and wide across the grassy floodplains. There were some splashing sounds as if this was all taking place at the edge of the water or one of the pools.
The WORLD says… You can have a richer life with credit cards.
This is a bright day for indie publishing. In the old world, traditional publishers were the arbiters of literary merit. Today, thanks to the rise of indie ebooks, the world is moving toward a broader, more inclusive definition of literary merit. Smashwords gives writers the power and freedom to publish. Merit is decided by your readers. Just as it should be.
I have since been diagnosed with Poly-cystic Ovarian Syndrome. Basically my hormones are all out of whack and I don't ovulate normally. My Insulin levels are high and so is my Testosterone. The other hormones seem to be OK. I am on two medications at this time. One is Spironolactone and the other is Metformin. I just started on the Metformin.
The reason this subject came up today, was because last night was walking our dogs with my wife. We started talking about what to give up for lent. We both had to think about it, and we suggested a change for the other. So, we decided and agreed on both. Today, we started are 40 day change program to cut out a portion of our life that we don’t need. These changes may seem really minor to the rest of the world, but for us it is huge.
Over the past few years regular readers will have heard me mention and sometimes even quote from my unpublished novels. I finished Milligan and Murphy in August 2005 about three years after my play Vladimir and Estragon are Dead. I had kind of thought that after writing that I’d put my fascination with all things Beckettian to bed, but apparently not. The book was written in the two years we were living in an unfurnished flat in the Gorbals. You can actually see the flats in the photo below. They were brand new and we were the first occupants. It was a nice flat. We could actually see teams of rowers skooshing up and down the Clyde from our window. To get to work in the morning all I had to do was walk over the St Andrew’s suspension bridge, trudge across Glasgow Green and get a bus on London Road for the town centre; by Glaswegian standards, idyllic. Carrie and I didn’t have our own offices at this point and so the living room was subdivided into two office spaces and a TV-watching area. It sounds crowded but it was a big room and everything worked out just fine.
It’s been more than a year since Ralph got his diagnosis and the doctor told him he had maybe a couple of months to live. Death got the word and set up camp outside Ralph’s door. And it didn’t take long for Death to realize he should have packed a bigger suitcase. Ralph blew past those first two months and kept on going—not “going” as in laying around in a bed waiting to die, but “going” as in on with his life—family and work and having fun. Treatments knocked him down, but he always got back up.
It was sleepy time at zoo for the animals, mammals, and birds. The claws, paws and jaws were in the sun and shade taking an afternoon off. The weather was warm with a gentle breeze in the air.
As I started to drive forward, we could see that, previously hidden by a building, across the waste ground, in front of the ambulance in Creek Road was another ambulance and a car facing the wrong direction and a police car. Behind the second ambulance, there was a stretcher raised on wheels with more paramedics standing round it.
4. You walk out of the store at 7:15 pm and everything around you is closed. (Prince Charming really hates this about our lovely little town, you can't get gas after 8 pm)
________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
The KJV must be the only work of literary genius to have been produced by a committee. The group of great scholars had unparalleled qualifications. Most of them had spent most of their lives in the pursuit of God and knowledge. One translator, Dr. Lancelot Andrews, mastered at least 15 languages and by the time he was 6 years old, had read the entire Bible in Hebrew. Some of the translators had written foreign language Dictionaries and Lexicons. They commonly debated in Greek, they translated and edited great works and they wrote their own. Not only did the translators know the Biblical languages of Hebrew, Aramaic and Greek, but many also knew related languages that enabled them to study other documents and translations by the church Fathers in Persian, Coptic, Syrian, Chaldea, Latin, French, Italian, German and Dutch. Some of the translators prayed five hours a day. The translators were world class scholars, Christians who lived holy lives and were prominent as deans, professors and presidents of major colleges of Oxford and Cambridge.
1/3 tsp baking powder
I was recently flipping through the channels and did something I rarely do: I stopped on the Christian station. I began watching a well-known Christian speaker preach to his congregation on the famous promise to Abram found in Gen 12:2-3. To my amazement, the pastor left out the most important part of the passage and only read and commented on the following: “I will bless you and make your name great” (he actually used some contemporary translation that said something like “I will make you famous and distinguish your name”). I was floored. The preacher went on to talk about how God wants to make your name great and distinguish your name, and he then gave examples of people who started following God and saw their careers advance and their name become distinguished among their peers.
It began when Joseph arranged to meet his parents for dinner at the Harvester, ah the Harvester, fine ghetto dining. And whilst his parents are by no stretch in the gutter, they do like to have a drink (and a Harvester). As we all know, drunk people are fine when you yourself are drunk, when you are sober, that's an entirely different matter. When you are their child, they quickly become insufferable. Whatever posessed Joe to suggest that his mother lay off the booze we do not know, perhaps we never will. What we can say for certain is that Joe's mother reacted as only a small, fiery Irishwoman could. She exploded.
7:40 Jesse Jackson Jr. He looks nothing like his father, but he sure sounds like him without the mushmouth. But he strikes a slightly different tone. He’s a better speaker at this point in time. He doesn’t come off as what a lot of people identify as a stereotypical African-American; like Obama he strikes me simply as American.
“Whoever believes in me believes not only in me
It is not surprising that with the Hyflux experience in mind, investors have been loading up on the Genting perpetuals. Since its debut last Thursday, the security has attracted a total volume of 18.6 million shares in two days of trading, closing with a 1.9 per cent premium to the $1 issue price at $1.019 on Friday.
Despite these restrictive circumstances it should still be possible for a great beer campaign to see the light of day. However, there are some other factors at play.
It’s official! Blair and Dan are now a couple! Yeah! Dair fans all around rejoice! Kidding aside, I just love these two together, their banter is so great! However, it wasn’t all fun and games just yet. You see, a month has passed in the Gossip Girl world and they haven’t had sex yet. Something or someone (cough*Lily and Rufus*cough) always gets in the way. But finally they rent a hotel room. Cut to moments later and the two are staring at the ceiling, looking weird. Oups! It looks like the sex was kind of not good. Poor Lonely Boy! Of course, they ignore it and instead get drunk and talk to both Nate and Dorota respectively. By the way, how hilarious was Dorota and her sex advice? I am kind of scared of her now! Anyway, the two arrive at Ivy’s party (more on that later) completely drunk. They finally admit the sex was bad and one thing leads to another…they decide to not give up and end up having sex in the elevator! I got to say, that was pretty hot! Plus, they’re already hilarious but drunk? Just perfection! We will see how long it lasts but right now I’m enjoying the ride.
My physical body started to have aches and discomfort associated with it again. (See yesterdays blog here: Insights From My Massage Table)
The best thing we can do is speak up. There have been multiple victories when it comes to BSL, including Ohio recently declaring it unconstitutional. If enough people make noise and step forward to prove that breed-neutral dangerous dog laws and regulations would be much safer and more effective than outright breed bans, lawmakers will listen. Change is possible, and with more education and advocacy on the topic, better days will come. If you have any questions about breed discrimination, feel free to email me at peacelovefoster@gmail.com.
request guidance on what the Committee thinks about staining the front of the brick or
During the interview, the consular officer will ask questions about the marriage to determine if it indeed was made in good faith, such as how and when the couple met, how often they talk to or visit each other, and what are the plans for the future. The foreign spouse will also be asked whether he/she has: (1) been a member of the Communist Party, terrorist groups or similar organizations; (2) been arrested or convicted of any crimes; (3) ever received public assistance, or (4) lied to obtain a visa, worked in the United States without permission, or overstayed his/her legal status, etc. If any of these questions is yes, inform your attorney immediately.
Chanyeol, who was cast when he was a freshman in high school, went through four years of training and decided to push ahead with his forte.
There are many scary things about childhood; almost everything else is bigger than you for a start, that’s very scary, and then you’ve got strangers, parked cars (according to Dave Prowse), maths, impending acne, and the fact that seemingly every other week you are taken to the doctor to be jabbed with needles to guard against an endless variety of terrible diseases that are apparently constantly trying to kill you. And, as if that wasn’t enough, sometimes, people, with absolutely no thought to future consequences to the innocent children who are, indeed, our future, make the illogical decision to insert the most terrifying characters and imagery into seemingly harmless pieces of co-called children’s entertainment. A prime example of this is Chitty Chitty Bang Bang’s The Child Catcher. I mean really, who thought this was a good idea?
The flag is one of just six known examples of “Macon Arsenal” banners, produced in Macon, Ga.
Any individual sincerely or seriously committed to awakening his or her particular animal farm’s citizens to even consider the ideas that the source of their problems are a result of: (A) citizens who lack honourable problem solving skills and refuse any and every opportunity to learn problem solving skills; and (B) overpopulation colliding with declining or scarce resources; is going to be consciously or unconsciously ignored or crucified.
I ran screaming into the bedroom.
18And another angel came out from the altar, which had power over fire; and cried with a loud cry to him that had the sharp sickle, saying, Thrust in thy sharp sickle, and gather the clusters of the vine of the earth; for her grapes are fully ripe.
Instead I asked the cashier to either put in a phone number of her choosing or to call her manager.
4.Do you own a dog?
The Railway Servants' Orphanage in Derby placed models of Stephenson's Rocket on railway platforms in the 1880s. When a coin was inserted, the clockwork mechanism would spring into action and the engine would come to life. No doubt this was a very effective way of using 'pester power' to extract pennies from travel-worn parents!
It's late, but it's quiet. I'm learning to take my new life day by day. I struggle with this new role God has placed me in...not because I don't think I can handle it with His grace, but because it's not one I chose. It doesn't seem to fit (yet). I ache to be home with my kids--playing, changing diapers, cleaning up the milk that spilled again. To be scrubbing who knows what off the kitchen table...would make me happier than any woman in the world.
Daddy and I have decided to start several traditions to honor you at Christmas each year. We let Caleb and Joel pick something from World Vision to use your Christmas money toward. This year Joel chose to buy 5 ducks for a family, and Caleb chose to help orphans. Your brothers talk about you often -- every day -- and ask about Heaven a lot. They both miss you terribly and looks forward to seeing you again one day. As a family we are also giving money to a missionary couple in Indai who work with slum children and to Samaritan's Purse Children's Heart Project which raises money to fly a child and 1 parent to the U.S. for life-saving heart surgery.
The inconvenient truth today is that 1/3 of all food is thrown away.Because we produce to much! And big companys don’t care. As my granny did. My grannys goal was to be healthy on a healthy planet. With healthy kids. And grandkids. Big companys goals is……
Kristoffer Nuyak Bajok
4 Harry Potter series – JK Rowling
Seriously? If you are worried about the "aesthetics" of Dewey Square - THEN GET OUT & TAKE YOUR SHIT WITH YOU!
It was a list of reasons to homeschool, prepared eight years ago, in anticipation of our first homeschool registration visit from an Authorised Person. I thought I'd have a fight on my hands and wanted to have my ammunition ready. As it turned out, our AP was a lovely woman who enjoyed looking at the girls' artwork and the books in our bookcase and was perfectly content for us to homeschool. After she left, I put the manifesto on the school shelf and it's been there ever since.
'Because it keeps it cool,' he replied. I asked him if he had any scientific evidence of that fact and he replied that the co-efficient of conductivity of pewter was higher than that of glass.
I practice Ho’oponopono everyday especially at night. Sometimes I just do the cleansing generally but sometimes I specifically focus on a thing. When I dealt with my fear and anger, I specifically use Ho’oponopono to cleanse the relationship, the situation and myself that relate to fear and anger. Over the time, it has helped me reduce the intensity that fear and anger have towards me. It also help me to cleanse the unnecessary thoughts of anger and fear in this now moment (that I might now aware of it), so it would not emerge uncontrollably in my reality later.
Managing Trustee, Hare Krishna Movement
Just how much you did for us all.
I was able to get some practice in using my Distress Inks and was only happy with 3 of the images that I inked up. Seven of them I failed miserably. Needless to say I have SOOOOO much respect for those of you who color so beautifully with them.
I spent most of the time this week teaching my kids how to do math tubs, which will start next week. They learned how to use IXL, play War, and how to use the Unifix Pattern sheet. (The pattern sheet was created by the teachers on my team. This sheet will stay in their work folder for several weeks. They will use it to build certain patterns with Unifix cubes. The children will build a pattern, repeat it three times, then have a partner check the pattern. The kids will be able to go to this activity after they finish one of the math tubs each week.)
Moths by Jennifer O'Grady
How long before it becomes the latest celebrity, detox, weight-loss aid, though:
Yesterday and today Brent was easily frustrated more than usual. His train fell off the track, and he crumpled to the floor in a dramatic mess of cries and toddler-like curses at his "choo-choo." His fork fell off the plate and he laid his head on the table as if it were gone forever. You don't even want to hear about what happened when the dog refused to play with him! Something was wrong in his world and he was feeling defeated in almost every aspect. Finally, after a few moments of cuddling on the couch, I explained to him that it didn't help to behave that way, but he needed to tell Mama what was bothering him so I could help. He pouted and fidgeted for a moment and then proceeded to tell me in his quasi-speech/sign-language that the "ain up high go 'way now me go out-ide 'ay!" (Translation: "Rain up high go away now so I can go outside to play!") Did I mention it has been rainy and dreary for four days?!?
- pop it in a tuppaware type box and freeze until, well, frozen
"The last, Master?"
Today's project challenge is doing "Something New/Something inspiring"
Appearance and Reality.
But there are also just people who made silly mistakes and said stupid things to the wrong people and never really thought about the consequences. Forgiveness isn't really in my nature but when it comes down to it well intentioned ignorance is not the same as idiocy and has to be forgiven. And the upside is finding out that what you thought was malicious really wasn't, which kind of brightens things up. :)
Please keep praying for the general health of the team. Stomach issues are still a problem, though imodium has done the trick for several of our team members. Everybody is in good spirits. There is a great amount of cooperation among team members and we are having a blast with the kids here.
Indeed, yesterday, the Prospect Heights Neighborhood Development Council asked Adams's boss, Gov. Andrew Cuomo, and Mayor Mike Bloomberg to stop the scheduled construction of a surface parking lot for the project, given that the release of plans for the lot has been delayed six months and there had been no response to residents' concerns.
“I am a very old man and have suffered a great many misfortunes, most of which never happened.”which seems to summarise the whole mindset rather well methinks.
I had a terrible job during the summer of 1995. I worked for a factory that made hydraulic cylinders by the thousands and I was assigned the job of making a small part called a “port” for those cylinders. I was at my own station with four different metal working machines, a large fan, and a whole lot of grease and metal shavings. The job was not difficult to perform for either the intellect or the body, but it took a heavy toll on my sanity. Blessed with an active imagination, I found that my working environment constituted a drudgery of experience that was difficult to bear for my mind. As I mechanically worked each port to completion I would disappear into a world entirely different from the one in which my body stood like a meat robot cycling through its operating program. In that world there was sunlight, romance, adventure, freedom, and not a hint of the smell of coolant fluid, or the sound of screaming machines. This pattern sustained me for a while, but soon the lack of stimulation began to stunt my imagination and all I could think about was how miserable I was. Just when things were truly turning ugly though, I was given a stimulus for my mind that helped me make it through the summer. It wasn’t a drug. I hadn’t fallen in love. I had not purchased some wonderful new object to entertain me. What was this wonder that had saved my mind from either sinking into despair or turning into oatmeal? Nothing more, and nothing less, than a good story. The story of William Wallace.
8 TBS golden caster sugar
Stephanie Christie / Niue / 84
I found this on Chelsea's blog, which she found on someone elses, which, I am sure was found on someone elses... You know how this works. ;)
A half hour later the assistant once again knocked on the door. After receiving permission to enter and saluting, he reported that there was still no response on the STUs. The commander was exasperated. “Get me the governor of Sector 127 now!” he ordered.
The pages were crisp, like an apple,
In 2003 I was living in Canberra, working hard, studying harder, and spending waaaay too much time emailing and writing old fashioned letters to Alex, the perfect-on-paper man of my dreams. One day, I found myself sitting in a Belgian Beer Cafe in Perth, with my best mate, Alison, and we plotted a plan to go to Europe together in the summer, when I finished my degree. Al and I share a love of many things, Camper shoes being one of them. European culture and history being another. I knew she would love Belgium, and Evelyne. I organised to go to Cologne to meet up with Alex, of course, and was so excited. I could barely concentrate on my exams, and was flying out the week they finished.
"Shush."
Then We'll Rise
OK, let's think about this question for a minute, shall we?
Who is the Lord?
Are they nodding their head up and down or side to side? This doesn’t mean anything in regards to whether you make the sale or not but it will usually show you if they are on the same page as you. If you get a positive head nod during a part of your sale where you were looking for a positive response then you are on the right track. However, if you get a negative response during that same point it should be cause for alarm as the buyer is not buying your verbal art. You can be suggestive in your communication in the same way. By nodding your head in agreement you will often see the buyer do the same thing. This is a form of non-verbal communication used all the time. Look for it next time you are in a sales setting. Is the salesperson trying to get you to agree with them? I bet they are nodding their head while they do it.
One summer, a tornado ripped through our county. Homes and barns were scattered everywhere. Trees were down. Power was out. The place was a mess. I was about 15 I think, my sister was 11, little brother was 5. And our task for the remainder of summer vacation was to reclaim as much of our buildings that had blown away as possible. Lucky for us, no one had been injured.
Pubs here are a heady mix of young & bolder-older. Daddylonglegged women in velvet garb drink at the same hatches as 70-something malcontents in woolly-horned Viking hats downing port. A great college buzz about the place at night even if noise levels give tinnitus a run for its money. Spent one night lodged in a Neachtain’s snug with some lovely Twitterfolk and another on a crawl North of the river, wondering into the bottomless fizz if I could live here full-time. A lot of unspoilt pubs with bubblewrap windows and simple wooden benches reminds of what Dublin so earnestly lost in the full tilt of boom. My favourite day time hang-out is Sheridan’s Wine Bar on Churchyard Street, opposite St. Nicholas’ Church (also worth a visit for the Jayne Eyre reference alone). You can share a cheeseboard here for a tenner and there’s rakes of yummy wines from around the world at €6 a glass.
Aspirin or Acetylsalicylic Acid is a derivative of salicylic acid that is a mild, no narcotic analgesic useful in the relief of headache and muscle and joint aches. The drug works by inhibiting the production of prostaglandins, body chemicals that are necessary for blood clotting and which also sensitize nerve endings to pain. Aspirin is used to treat mild to moderate pain, and also to reduce fever or inflammation. It is sometimes used to treat or prevent heart attacks, strokes, and angina.
Other Qualifications:
And we continued in this vein for sometime and off Arijit went and created his magic. He said that the curry came out great and instantly I knew that this would be a great recipe. So I pestered him till he gave the recipe and some pictures for ahaar. :) Thanks Arijit!
A Possible Contributor to Antibiotic Resistance
but there's water next to me.
And so he undertook this matter and got an agreement from the Sequani to allow the Helvetii to go through their land, and he worked it so that they would exchange hostages: the Sequani, so that they would not hold the Helvetii back from their march, the Helvetii, so that they would pass through without mischief and outrage. It was announced to Caesar that the Helvetii intended to march through the land of the Sequani and the Haedui into the land of the the Satoni, who lived not far from the territory of the Tolosates, qhich tribe was in Provincia. If this should happen, it would mean a great danger to our Province to have warlike persons, enemies of the Roman People, living next to open and, most importantly, grain-producing regions.
And that I now have a wife and son
· 11 oz. Steaks that are Hungry Man size but can be cut into smaller portions!
All Magic Prose and Photos
Garforth & Swillington
It was a few blocks, five at most, made longer by having to cross at the light and come around “the long way.” It was a hard-won battle and we were sworn to cross with the guard at the busy street. Mostly we did, but on days that we lingered on the playground after school, we would walk the winding road that led to a path through a wooded area that backed up to our street. The shortcut covered our naughtiness.
Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.
Once I've run it through the glitter I take it out, lay it on some paper and then use the spoon to scoop up, pour & press the glitter into any blank spots. When the tape is covered I take the back of the spoon and go along the tape length pressing into the glass to grind it down onto the tape. This is especially important if you're working with real glass glitter--you don't want to press into it with your fingers, ouch!
If I could hold you forever in my arms, I would babies.
then, just click save.
I didn’t actually think that all of those clips would remain in her hair for more than a few minutes, but many hours later they were all still adorning the front of Saarah’s hair(she didn’t get them anywhere on the back 85% of her head).
3. Cabin Fever by Jeff Kinney
As I mentioned above with the word cheque/ check, you will also have to match your spelling to the publication. English is not spelled the same in Britain and the USA. Again this is not an insurmountable problem. Here’s one site of many that can help you.
On Bender’s use of LSD on children, Dr. Leon Eisenberg said years later: “She did all sorts of things. Lauretta Bender reached success in her career long before randomized controlled trials had even been heard of. She didn’t see the need for trials of drugs because she was convinced she knew what worked.” (See: “A History of Autism: Conversations with the Pioneers” by Adam Feinstein, Wiley-Blanchard, 2010.) Many other physicians speaking privately were far less diplomatic in condemning Bender’s LSD work, but, still today, many are reluctant to criticize her, and, remarkably, many of the aging stalwarts of the arguable “virtues” and “potential” of LSD continue to cite her work with children as groundbreaking science.
Tip #2. When you are sick, get as much help as you can.
"No, a martini is made with gin unless I ask for something else," said Cranky, the cranky ex-bartender. "And we like a little vermouth."
I have been sick for the past few days. My husband who is a computer technician in a couple of schools lovingly and thoughtfully brought home the flu to share. I had started reading this one just as I got sick and then was just too miserable to continue. I basically spent the past few days vegged out on the couch completely out of it. I finally got back to this book this evening and raced through it. If you’ve ever read The Pilgrim’s Progress, or Hind’s Feet for High Places, the plot of this book will not catch you by surprise since it is referred to as a modern retelling of Bunyan’s classic allegory about Christian.
In the meantime, you should seek out this little gem of a beer. This is the latest Brewer's Share beer from John Harris's Full Sail satellite brewery, the 'Extra Special Barney.' It is a pretty traditional ESB gone New World, by which I mean big. 6.5% big. Which is my only gripe. At 5.5% this beer would have been a tremendous traditional ESB, but at 6.5% I find it a bit heavy and malty. The same hops with the OG turned down ten notches and it is a world beater.
“The battle over ACTA has made many politicians aware of the fact that freedom on the internet is an issue that citizens (a.k.a. voters) care about, but most mainstream politicians are not very familiar with the issue.”
Did it work? Do I appeal to you more now? On second thought, don't answer that.
Butter, Shortening and Margarine can be substituted for each other in equal amounts. The flavors are different, but they perform the same.
Ray McKinley & His Orchestra--Tumblebug
i'm happy i have this blog
He checks my homework
Send Submissions To:
"Jelly doughnuts. They're like an instant orgasm for your tongue." --Pg. 134 of "Slide" by Jill Hathaway
When you examine these colors on the color wheel, you can see how they are related. You will also note that the complements of the primary colors (red, yellow and blue) are all secondary colors (green, purple and orange).
Ellen Moffat, University of Saskatchewan. Unmediating the City: The Soundwalk as Embodied Probe
Enough Said !!!!
Perhaps the worst bit of Nanny State pandering on this site is thereaction game at which you must be the farmer catching eggs from his chicken. No I'm not kidding and this pile of shit is payed for by us the taxpayer!
Sometimes I will ramble on to Joette about the stupidest things...things that are seriously not that important but my sub conscience must need to fill space and time with verbal nothingness to give me a sense of security or something...example: I will talk to Joette about different types of wood...yes, wood and neither Joette and I really honestly care about the different types of wood but maybe I just want to feel smart for a second or something. Joette will just listen. She will just listen and yet love me the same...because pine is softer than oak...and even though that is weird, I can always feel safe with Joette.
Tues - Stuffed Chicken Breasts with Mashed Potatoes - Stuffed with breadcrumbs and cheese then bakes in a tomato sauce. Comes ready to be baked
Applicants Sought for Bloomington Arts Commission
Cryptographer and security guru Bruce Schneier coined (as far as I know) the phrase “security theater” (well, he is American), and many people apply the phrase to airport security. I think he means security measures that don’t actually add significant security (and may even reduce it), but make us feel safer. To put it crudely, we may feel that since airport security restrictions are so inconvenient to us, they must be inconveniencing terrorists and criminals too. I suppose they may reduce the risk from shoe bombs, but even I can think of ways to smuggle a significant threat onto a plane in less than 100 ml of liquid, and I’m fairly sure it’s possible to turn a laptop into a weapon without leaving traces that can be picked up by a cotton bud. Here’s a classic example from 2001: just after the attack on the Twin Towers, the UK government forbade aircraft to fly directly over London. Obviously, air controllers and pilots did as they were told. However, would a modern-day Guy Fawkes have been deterred from making a kamikaze attack on the Houses of Parliament or the City of London? Of course he would. Just as surely as sheep are deterred from grazing by “Keep off the grass” signs.
Jordan Casey (12) from Waterford has become Europe’s youngest iOS app developer after launching his new game Alien Ball Vs Humans on the App Store – just months after Harry Moran from Cork became the world’s youngest Mac app developer.
Answer 3: There is no enforcement language whatsoever for the Bill of Rights. Any prohibition without enforcement is merely a suggestion. Or propaganda, depending on your point of view. And so …
Sure, there are punitive elements to probation and one always hope for self-betterment in prison but from the stand-point of the prosecutor, those seem to be the basics. (I'd thought of adding "community safety" to the prison category but if rehabilitation is achieved, then probation gets us there, too). For a more detailed discussion of probation and its goals, look at last week's post, here.But by undervaluing the "punitive elements to probation," I think prosecutors like Mark may come to over-rely on prison when they think "there has to be some punishment."
(World Premiere)
These difficulties comprise a joint problem, two sides of the same coin, and with a little careful rearrangement, there is considerable potential to resolve both problems simultaneously.
to more involved DIY projects like painting stairs or reorganizing a home office. Domino Quick
Take some Time card:
Step 4: Open up a terminal app and type in the following command:
Of a population of about two million, there are some 120,000 ethnic Serbs in Kosovo, 40,000 of whom live in the north on the border with Serbia and the rest in enclaves dotted around the territory.
Michael bakes a mean cake (not to mention leading on all the cooking that goes on in this place), and Keith blends the tea. I stuck to Margaret’s House Blend for my first pot (good strong mix of African leaves), but couldn’t resist switching to the Royal Blend later on, as Keith explained that this was based on the tea loved by Edward VIII a few years back.
I hope you never look back but you never forget
After the success of the potatoes and the straw mulch, I'm a straw convert. It's worked really well in some places, but the trick is putting it down before planting and really laying it thick. It will be pounded down by water in time. Plus, it looks so much nicer than caked dry earth.
I don't care what anybody says, I love Atom and His Package. His brand of fun melody driven electronic pop punk has got my 2 thumbs up. I have most of his albums, and I'm working on the 7 inchers
Teams will be faced with the obvious choice of blowing the exhausts upwards towards the rear wing, to gain a small aerodynamic advantage, when the driver is on the throttle. These Blown Rear Wings (BRWs) will be the conservative solution and certainly will be the first solution used in testing.
Ric’s Rating: Poor
If someone in the UK were to read no newspapers, hear no radio, see no television except the Party channel and everyone they met lived in the same way…. Imagine that… Imagine that all they knew, all they had ever known, was what the parish council told them had happened and was happening… then that would be some hint of what life is like in North Korea.
Honestly. Do you expect Paul to change the GOP from within? Or to affect at all the ongoing oligarchic putsch, combined with bedroom policing "social" hysteria?
I'm so excited for Thanksgiving...are you?
So here is the recipe for the jerk salmon, adapted from a Top Chef recipe from Season Five’s Rhadika. This is enough for four (generous) fillets of fish.
My style notes for such a trip: my most comfortable trousers – the only time I wear leggings – a big cozy sweater or cardigan over a soft t-shirt – shoes you can easily slip on or off, a scarf you can roll into a neck pillow when you decide to sleep, things that are dirt proof. Lose the sweater/cardi if it’s a hot weather trip.
Why then did he publish it anyway? Because he, like all other human beings, was a prideful sinner and wanted the credit to be all his when a young man in his field naïvely sent him a copy of a manuscript outlining Darwin's own thoughts and wanted Darwin's "expert" opinion as to the validity of his conclusions. The young man's name: Alfred Russell Wallace.
“The judge, therefore, found our application to be based on speculation and hearsay,” added Mohd Harris.
now for the brats that seem determined to adopt me and my yard. Let's follow them, well maybe just the one since the others were harder to follow:
Protein Powder Ideas
"...It was a house frequented by old men who could no longer use women as women: but Eguchi, on his third visit, knew that to sleep with such a girl was a fleeting consolation, the pursuit of a vanished happiness in being alive. And where there among them old men who secretly asked to sleep forever beside a girl who had been put to sleep? There seemed to be a sadness in a young girl's body that called up in an old man a longing for death.
I was going to wait until this was a bit more functional, but while I use my iPhone a bit, time spent on an actual computer is a bit hard to come by in my life right now, so progress might be slow and I'm itching to move things along, soooo... if you are inclined to drop by, tinsenpup has a new virtual home now at tinsenpup.net.
"He may, in other words, have found his intellectual solace not in political ideology of any sort but rather in the false-reality fantasies of writers like Philip K. Dick, who all but invented a science-fiction genre about how the powerful have the rest of us living in a dream world in which we are manipulated. The most commercially popular version of this worldview is The Matrix.."Like Loughner, PKD had some mental health issues, although it is not clear he was schizophrenic. However, he never would have had anything to do with dreck like The Matrix if only because he knew the second law of thermodynamics. The Matrix was inspired by continental philosophers like Jean Baudrillard. So Heidegger should take the blame for the shooting.
Asked whether the government, which is implicated in the case, would deploy someone for the defence, Muhyiddin said:" I don't want to comment on that."
Nico Gomez is a Belgian writer/composer who is famous for his Latin-American sounds. He conducted the famous Nico Gomez Orchestra and also wrote for Les Chakachas, another well known Belgian group.
Just a flash out my window, but,
Below is the teaser ad campaign that almost never happened. It was the perfect ad to overcame all the obstacles. Ultimately, it would launch Tommy Hilfiger into fame as a top designer, but not without a fight.
These observations, though beyond the issue as formulated in this decision, may, we trust, also serve to answer the vehement plea that for the good of the Nation, the President should retain his extraordinary powers as long asturmoil and other ills directly or indirectly traceable to the late war harass the Philippines.
· Thirdly, as an artist he certainly has artistic vision and his own art style that everyone can understand, but no one else creates visual fantasy art that is anything like his!
Now, the skill and resolve of these select fighting men and those with whom they lived would be tested. The U.N. troops had them far outnumbered but, as always, the Rangers would lead the way.
But traditional public schools? No, I don't find them valuable at all. The problems schools solve can be solved in much better ways.
Notably, this case is being heard by the Texas Supreme Court instead of the Court of Criminal Appeals because Arena was convicted as a juvenile. That's important because civil courts generally have much more rigorous standards for scientific evidence, in part because both sides in civil litigation have money to routinely hire experts. By contrast, in most criminal cases the prosecution has most if not all of the access to lab resources and forensic expertise unless the defendant pays for it or a judge orders it. These are judges who're used to seeing science in the courtroom held to much higher standards than their counterparts on the Court of Criminal Appeals, and Lindell's account of oral arguments in Arena's case shows the Abel Assessment is getting a more skeptical reception from the Texas Supreme Court than junk science sometimes receives from Judge Keller and Co. on the other side of the building.
So here are a few of my fave pics from today:
Look at verse 4. He says to them and this from his own personal experience, “Rejoice in the Lord always and again I say rejoice.” He calls for them to rejoice. Now this is a command. By the way, we are called to rejoice about 70 times in the New Testament. Even where Paul says, “I will glory in my suffering,” the Greek is “I will rejoice.” This is a present imperative which means he calls us to habitual continual practice of rejoicing.
Are you the brave show and tell type? For all that I'm happy to display things on my blog, I get pretty shy about them in person.
So there are not words to describe how suprised and thankful I am to have a man like BH in my life. He is the father figure in The Geej's life who I would absolutely want her to model her future relationships upon. He is calm, understanding, patient, funny, loves nature, smart, dependable, loving and just a good, good person. Now that he is my partner in raising this headstrong, girly girl, I have no concept of how I would ever be able to do it without him. He helps me, not only in practical ways, but also in helping me see things through his wise eyes. He talks me through my daily parenting frustrations. And The Geej? She is absolutely crazy about him. She calls him by his first name when she's talking to him, but when she's talking ABOUT him, he is "my dad" or "Daddy."
I will update you...if I do good!! Hehehehe!
Ahh the French, how we love to love and hate the French. France is the worlds biggest tourist destination. Given this detail you might have thought that the majority of people who work in the massive service industry might bother to learn a smattering of the first or second language of all their millions of visitors, you know, English. Not a bit of it. Go into any bar or restaurant and ask “Parlez-vous anglais?” You will get a shake of the head and a “non”. You might ask “why should they, its their country”? And you have a point. But If I was working in an industry catering to the largest tourist numbers in the world it would not be rocket science to me to at least try to learn the english for the stuff on the menu. You know, just to be a bit helpful to the people responsible for my wages being paid. This escapes most French waiting staff. France is effectively a nation with many nice towns and villages full of splendid places to eat and drink. Eating and drinking are the best things about France.
Job location is Santa Monica
As always, if I can help or answer any of your real estate needs, please don’t hesitate to text or call me at 615 417-8182 or email me at RolandLow1@gmail.com
Maybe my most favorite and inspiring part of the book, and where the most underlining happened, is in the Appendix at the back of the book. Collaboratively written by both John and Noël, it is a section on why your kids should sit with you in church instead of attending Sunday School and also how to practically make it happen. I love this, as the why of it echoes my husband and my heart on the matter. And it is always so helpful to have the hows; to have help from someone who has been there and seems to have done it well.
I am not a fan of heels nor do I imagine myself in a pair of pumps on my wedding day. I would want to feel comfortable than be in something that would make me go through hell and back so I’ll be flats. Haven’t decide what sort of flats though, I’ll probably cross the bridge when I get there.
However, on the second day of the trial, which was expected to last for a month, the case collapsed into a mistrial.
Indeed, the figures will pale into insignificance when you consider the crimes solved and prevented by using intelligence.
Cast: Rudolph Valentino, Louise Dresser, Vilma Banky, James Marcus, Albert Conti, George Nichols, Carrie Clark Ward.
So one day in late August, sweaty and blistered and limping after running for miles, I made a decision. It was a revelation, really. I was free. I had no ties, no responsibilities other than my cats and my house. And here was the ouch: I was the only one keeping myself in my cage. So I raided my savings account, bought a plane ticket, contacted some friends I'd made during the first trip and started planning. I asked my courageous and dear friend Ursula to house-and-kitty sit for me. I left right after playing for a wedding and would return 17 days later, just in time to play for another wedding.
"Jackson! How long was that carton in your backpack?!"
Prabhupada: He manufactured his idea. Therefore he’s a rascal. Therefore he’s a rascal. Nitai has become an authority?
- Always make sure to have security’s number.
A pint of beer to rinse it down,
03. Can’t be friends (prod. by Makhi the Heartbeat)
I guess there's just no better place than this. My heart belongs to the Arlberg.
Please feel free to share your own insights, comments and suggestions for others on this common type of clutter or how you regularly reach for a feeling of relief!
u have msgs on twitter from tonite .. e
This country is so disenfranchised it is unbelievable. Of course the politicians don’t care as long as some bunch or saps vote them in so they can claim for duck houses, moats, sister’s bedroom or vomitarium.
I am proud of myself: finished the proposal and sent it off. Busy little beav as long as I don’t have to leave the couch.
The ending of the movie was pretty spectacular, full of historical facts, supernatural terrors, and nail in scrotum payback. But Starkwell and Lovelock didn’t really react at all. They said they were waiting to see if there would be another shot of him waking up, all sweaty, thinking “thank goodness, it was only a dream.” It never came. Good news for Haiti, but bad news for his scrotum.
a meadow of delight.
Men are often stereotyped as being dogs. I agree with this stereotype, so I will use the comparison to explain how you can train your partner to reach a higher level of satisfaction in the relationship, and how your partner can train you.
“Newcastle from the Rabbit Banks, Gateshead-on-Tyne” (1864)
He will be home tonight with a load of hay.
As mentioned, last year I heard tell of a group opening up a business to be called "Hot Bird" and I think I heard some newcomers mention the people who started it "had come back" which I highly doubt. I just don't imagine the folks I jonesing to bring the bird back.
Edward Blick was succeeded in 1867 as the Rector of St Mary's by Edward Josselyn Beck who continued to promote building projects. The 1803 rectory, next door to the former Peter Hills School in Rotherhithe village was enlarged in 1869. In 1870-2 the church of St Barnabas was constructed on Plough Way by William Butterfield. The first local authority school in Rotherhithe was established on Albion Street in 1872.
Anna Letitia Barbauld
Getting America Right Feulner and Wilson
Indeed it is a torment, since human beings are designed, socialised and have evolved to be interdependent creatures, we are to trust and be trusted to ensure survival and proliferation of the species.
Piano Complete
I think Alexa Chung would be cool because she is beautiful (like Tats & Tempest products), I think she's going to be around for long time (like Tats & Tempest products) and quite fun (like Tats & Tempest products).
“Both propeller blades came off – the whole thing just destroyed itself. It just completely self-destructed.
I need a bigger apartment so I can have my shoes organized properly. There simply isn't enough space and it's a pain in the arse.
If the government did not insist on attacking its citizens with socially destabilizing immigration policies Peel Region would not be facing this problem. And it is a problem. Why? Because race matters! You can sugar coat it in all you want with the language of diversity and multiculturalism but what we have brewing in Peel Region is a race based power struggle. If all the immigrants to Peel Region reflected the host culture and society then there would not be a problem as they would have integrated and disappeared into the host culture seamlessly. But that is not what happened since the vast majority of immigrants settling into Peel Region could not have been any more different than the host society. And now that they have overrun the place they want a new sheriff in town because they say so! The threats could not be any more clearer on this:
9) Similarly, remember there is no rule book you have to follow. All you need to follow is your heart, because when love is the driving force, you can't go astray. Like in the words of St. Augustine, "Love and do what you will..."
It was raining again this morning. I'm running out of ideas for the kids, so when Virginia Mom suggested we meet up at the doll museum with a few other ladies, I went for it. It's definitely scraping the bottom of the barrel when I take Lucien ("What's a Barbie, Mommy, OOH, can I touch her boobies?") and Coco ("stop lookin' at me like that, punk, or Ima hit you with this Barbie") to the doll museum.
This extraordinary racket is, at root, about the bewitching power of high-brow brands. Journals that published great research in the past are assumed to publish it still, and – to an extent – this expectation fulfils itself. To climb the career ladder academics must get into big-name publications, where their work will get cited more and be deemed to have more value in the philistine research evaluations which determine the flow of public funds. Thus they keep submitting to these pricey but mightily glorified magazines, and the system rolls on.
Here at HaltCreative, we’ve signed up with Mailchimp to distribute our newsletters to both our artists and our customers. My first impression is that it’s an amazing service, with lots of useful features, incredible tracking and statistical information, and it’s very easy to use as well.
Racing pregnant has been a blast! I have been somewhat forced to stop and smell the roses or perhaps, the aroma of sweaty runners, and notice a few things. Oftentimes, athletes forget all too quickly what a race can give back to us: fellowship, sharing of achievements, and the reminder that we are all in this world together trying to be better people. As a coach and fellow athlete, I continue to witness everyone's observable capabilities, as well as those that lie hidden deep within all of us. Whether you enter a race to win, to conquer a goal, or to share an experience, you will find that every challenge asks us to step outside our comfort zone. For me, slowing down has been an enormous step outside my nice and cozy comfort zone. But by welcoming discomfort, we discover those hidden talents, strengths, and gifts that lie unnoticed within us and awaken to recognize those roses we forgot to stop and smell. Everyday, step outside YOUR comfort zone, and unleash your potential!
Would you f****ng believe it. On top of everything else, I was out delivering election leaflets in my own road last night, for the GLA elections. I'd just turned the corner from Newcombe Park into Millway when bang. Given that I'd not touched a drop, for a second I was perplexed. This feeling was soon overwhelmed by excruciating pain. A huge hole in the pavement had caught my foot and I thought for a second that I'd broken my ankle. The irony of it is that Councillor Brian Coleman, the man who I'd been delivering leaflets to unseat is responsible for roads and pavements. His incompetence had nearly broken my ankle.
You are all heroes. I appreciate every single one of you. The men and women, US Soldiers and Coalition Forces alike, risk their lives around the world for our freedom and our safety. I am eternally grateful for your sacrifices. They will never go unappreciated or unnoticed. I have been blessed to have many military men and women in my life and I would like to take this time to thank them personally. To Luke, Ben, Deryck, Josh M, Taren, Brent, Robert, Carlos, Erica, James, Chad, Tim, Anthony, John, Nick, Dom, Josh D, Kirky… Oh boy I hope I named them all… (Please blame the concussion if not. I’d feel horrible.) To all of you, my friends, my family, you are my own personal heroes. I am blessed to have you all in my life in whatever way we are connected. I am so proud of each of you, and admire your strength, determination and passion for our country and the citizens you protect. Thank you so very much.
Are you enjoying it? Do you have nice offices? Have you been out to a few yummy dinners recently? Are your kids nicely dressed?
Here at DITHOB we've pondered the future of books -- we know folks will always read, it is simply a question of format. For example, we asked what will be the future of the book reading/book signing ? Will the physical tome remain as a collectible artifact, sort of like making an appearance on the NY Times website or blog, and also making it into the NY Times daily paper (since the two are not congruent)? Will their be some evolution of the author's electronic signature that will pulse, neon-like, in the corner of your e-reader? More here
One more dress to show you for the Hopeful Threads sew-along to support Dress A Girl Around the World. This dress isn't mine. It's the first dress my daughter has ever sewn. It was about time I helped her with sewing.
5. Worthington paisley skirt, $6.99
We did it ourselves!
I saw the big ending surprise coming…but not that last gift from Liam, and not the third act twist with the old lady. Look for all of Higgin’s hallmarks, the animal love, the fun and unusual jobs, the dysfunctional family love, friendship with the elderly, and a girl who is realistically enjoyable.
09/12/2011 BUY 0.02 audcad 1.02912
I don't know how busy I'll be, or even if I'll remember how to speak English with all the French classes I'll be taking. I've kept a pretty good schedule up till now, but I'll probably have to cut back with less posts. To make it up I'll probably make them longer, even thought I'll still be writing them as I come up with them.
I know most of the people who made these comments and the like really only intended nothing malicious. They're just curious, and that is totally natural. But, I will never forget the woman in the checkout line at aisle #7 at Wally World who stared at the brood as we waited nicely behind she and her husband while they checked out. When I couldn't take the staring and nervous edging further and further away from us, I exclaimed something like, " Aren't I just the luckiest Momma ever!?" That sure shut her up. With hubby starting workups this month that will continue until he deploys a year from now, I'm sure looking forward to doing my shopping/eating/playing here on base. Those comments, at least the clueless ones will be few and far between because I'll be with my own people. People who get it. People who understand what I'm dealing with and will be happy to support me when I go a little crazysauce from all these darn kids I have!
I am big on making things from scratch. Cakes, frostings, pie fillings…etc, etc, etc. I feel there’s something to be said for taking butter and sugar and adding flour to make (insert baked good here). Like the old way. Like the way the grandma’s did it. Which brings us to today’s offering: homemade vanilla pudding.
Abed’s Uncontrollable Christmas (unanimously #1)
uhhhhhhh….
I cry out but you have fallen silent.
I wrote this post last year, when the girls were three-and-a-half. I was blindsided by such a question from such a little child. How could she be questioning the magic already? It seems, though, that since that skepticism was resolved, she and her sister are now firmly in the grip of all kinds of childhood magic–the Easter Bunny, Santa Claus, the Elf on the Shelf, and even Seamus the Leprechaun, a friend of the Elf’s who brought chocolate coins for St. Patrick’s Day.
(source: Johan Meyer, LookLocal.co.za ) Moreover, two of the three black adults who were charged with Gebhardt's murder, Sibusiso Ntuli (19) and Ndiphiwe Mkhungekwana (19). were given a mere R2,000 bail. AfriForum has since decided to become involved with the case after it seemed like no progress has been made in it since he died in November. The three suspects handed themselves in to police in March and April. The 22-year-old Mdingi's bail application was refused as he was considered a flight risk. The three accused face charges of murder and assault.
"It really is. What was the cowboy's name?"
Surely, Canada’s economy of the future isn’t about balloons, cheese, bottles, coffee and doughnuts.
Gatien was a club owner who gobbled up nightclub spaces and transformed them into branded clubs called the Limelight -- first in Hollywood, Florida, then Atlanta, and London. (He would eventually own many clubs in Manhattan, including the Tunnel, the Palladium downtown, and Club USA.) The Gothic church on 6th Ave proved too enticing -- the one in London was also in a former house of worship -- and soon Gatien turned the once reverent spot into a house of decadence.
“Abiding” in Christ’s words is pretty descriptive of a student clinging onto every word a master has. Willard remarks that in contemporary American society “Jesus Christ is automatically disassociated from brilliance or intellectual capacity” (19). Thus, capturing the life Jesus lived and walking “in the light” (1 John 1:7) requires following Jesus’s example. If a disciple is to act as Jesus would, then perhaps by doing what Jesus did “when he was not ministering or teaching, we will find ourselves led and enabled to behave as he did when he was on the spot” (30). The spiritual disciplines of a Christian life are our own actions or active plans to become like Christ called us to be. Willard’s premise here is that “grace is opposed to earning not effort”, and God “is in charge of the outcome of our efforts, and that the outcome will be good”(34). The first part of this “effort” regards the practical application of the Sabbath principle.
I don’t really know how to end this post. I don’t really know when all of this will end and normalcy will find its way back into my life. But my goal in all of this is to get back to the source of all joy, all happiness, all confidence: God. I need Him…and the great thing is, He wants me.
"Betrayed?" By who?, she didn't add. Too close to what she really needed to know.
Up and down the South Quire Aisle marched I, neck painfully bent and eyes straining to make out the gloomy arches above. Biblical scenes, saints, sinners, martyrs and tombs aplenty, but no monkey. I was disappointed.
What started your interest in organ as a kid?
Former manager Allardyce was on a reported £1.25 million a year when Venky’s took over. As his replacement they appointed Steve Kean, a man with no prior experience of managing a football club, on a reported £350,000 a year. That’s a £900,000 a year saving.
Of course not and what needs to be remembered is that in any market there are going to be winners and losers.
I’m not worthy of them
markers
I'll be covering the conference on behalf of the Japan Beer times.
Liu has been a Rhodes scholar and Supreme Court clerk; the American Bar Association gave him its highest ranking; he is known to be an authority on law and the Constitution. He has also gained bipartisan support. Richard Painter, Bush’s chief ethics counsel who worked on the confirmations of Chief Justice John Roberts and Justice Samuel Alito, wrote that Liu is an “exceptionally qualified, measured, and mainstream nominee” that the Senate should “vote to confirm.” Kenneth Starr, known for his incessant prosecution of former President Bill Clinton, called Liu “a person of great intellect, accomplishment, and integrity” and “an extraordinarily qualified nominee.” Fox News anchor and legal analyst Megyn Kelly said, “His qualifications are unassailable.” Norman Mineta, who served as secretary of Transportation for former President George W. Bush, wrote a passionate defense of him in The Hill.
Any how, here is the pic I want to share...demo and supplies to come ( i hope!)
Psalm 3:8… “Salvation belongeth unto the LORD: thy blessing is upon thy people. Selah” (KJV). This Psalm tells of David’s reaction when his favorite son Absalom tries to take the throne. The story goes… When Ammon raped his half-brother Absalom’s sister, King David did nothing about this crime… he administered no punishment. Absalom was angry and avenged the wrong done to his sister. Later, Absalom rebelled against his father… and he won the heart of many of the men of Israel as he formed a conspiracy to take the throne. A battle ensued… Absalom died, hung by his own hair.
Let me remind my regular readers, and point it to the new ones, of a previous post I made on the effects of big boy crime on criminality and eventual anarchy:
As a result of playing so much Rough Wooing in a short time, and stressing the rules with the exceptional situations presented in a larger game, Ross and I have a 'to-do' on some rules clarifications. We also spent some time discussing games for next year, and where projects were going, which he's already covered on his blog. I went a little easy on the shopping (sorry, dealers!), but nevertheless came home with an Elven tower on discount for some fantasy skirmish gaming and a copy of Christopher Duffy's book on Frederick the Great's army for some inspirational reading as we run up to Historicon and my NQSYW games there.
It just may help you save a life.
It took 10 months to built it and, although it was a specific model, we added many
I tossed around the idea of painting it white, like the rest of the furniture, but decided to leave it natural. If she ever out grows it, we can pass it along to her brother without having to strip it and re stain it... His part of the set is unpainted.
In the question that he put to Craig on the Unbelievable podcast, Schieber presented a direct challenge to the second stage of Craig’s argument. The challenge is not directed at Craig’s defence of premise (5) but, rather, at the very concept of a non-temporal personal cause. Since this is the case, we’ll construe this as an objection to premise (4) (since premise (4) is supposed to accurately describe the space of possible causes, and since Schieber’s argument is that one of the proposed causes within that space could not possibly exist).
We look for the resurrection of the dead
I am also excited by the fact that Mr Hotness himself, David Beckham will be coming down under with LA Galaxy to play against Melbourne Victory in November! I'll be first in line for tickets to that game!
Here you will read three tips that will give you a better game edge.
I find questions like this to be a bit funny.
Singing out a Happy Birthday to our Sterrs-among-Sterrs Father's,
Brendan Daly prides himself on being a man’s man – in both senses of the word. A Boston cop with a hard body and a Southie’s hot temper, Brendan is taken aback when his boyfriend Kent accuses him of letting their love life go stale. So at Kent’s office Christmas party, Brendan decides to surprise him with some roleplaying – cop vs. suspect.
The first three songs were all outside material. We now come to the first of five songs Vern co-wrote. Jukeboxes were, at one time, a frequent topic of country songs. The year 1993 saw two such songs chart in Doug Supernaw’s excellent “Honky Tonkin’ Fool” (a song that deserved better than being marooned at #50) and Joe Diffie’s “Prop Me Up Beside The Jukebox” (it reached #3). Vern’s nice medium-tempo ballad , “Bury Me In A Jukebox”, would have made a good single release as it is a better song than either the Diffie or Supernaw songs.
We are on the right side.
Riot police then started to spray chemical-laced water and fire teargas into the crowd whilst making arbitrary arrests without issuing any prior warning.
This is fine poetry both in its Jakobsonian use of grammar and its Lakoffian sense of parsimonious framing, as well as in its simple satire or its deeper perceptions. I get a kick out of it; you will too.
blackberry thicket.
The park. That was the nice place with the trees. I like that. But the car… I don’t like that part.
- Everyone in Rome wears puffa jackets. Everyone. Some of the men wear discreet navy options, and some wear terrifying PVC abominations with shiny jeans. Some of the girls wear short casual versions, and others wear snow-bunny style knee-length fitted puffa coats. Inflation is alive and well in Roma. If I lived in Rome, I would not succumb to this trend. I will never clad myself in balloons.
25. Lawn furniture can be easily cleaned with a rinse of 1/4 cup baking soda in 1 quart warm water.
Chedva has no idea how greatly I needed to see Gili's work.
It was easy! (relatively!)
I’m a dreamer but I know what I can do and can’t do,
+ we have harvested two baskets full of wild blackberries behind our home. many more harvest await as the fruit slowly ripens. blackberries in may? yes!
How does he know that the person who wrote the article is a unionist or even cares about the union?
‘Did ye never hear yon sound afore?’ said Osie to me, interrupting.
Location: Washington, DC
I will remain, as is
1:00 p.m. FREE showing for GPSD and WLSD – SOLD OUT
You should have read the first of the prescribed sections (sections 10 and part of 11) from Essay 1. Although the other sections of the essay are not prescribed and therefore not directly relevant to our course (and not directly relevant to the assessment you will face) you may get some value from reading them.
11:15 a.m.–12:30 p.m. Breakout Sessions
For the past seven months, I have been a researcher studying the experience of immigrants in Germany. Scratch that. I have been a two-time immigrant studying the experience of other immigrants in a city with one of the highest migrant populations in Germany.
Finally, I was delighted to give a very informal talk about policing and mental health at the main mental health unit for my home county and very impressed at their biscuit collection. I was invited to do it after by a psychiatric nurse who used to be one of my PCs when I was a young ignorant sergeant. I spent two really very enjoyable hours giving a police perspective on supporting “psychiatric emergency” and “criminal suspects who are mentally ill”. (I usually divide general talks on this work into those two categories and cover: s136, s135, AWOLs and some other bits in the first section; prosecution, diversion and inpatient issues in the second. Loads of great questions and engagement and at the end a crisis team manager said, “My team love your blog.” Given it was originally written for police officers’ reference, those are warm words which make blogging in the evenings and in my own time very worthwhile indeed!
I’m reading a self-published novel by someone right now, and it’s very much in the character’s head. Yes, there’s action, but I can only hear about the character’s internal conflict so many times before I want to scream.
· Guinness is most certainly not a microbrewery (I can't make this stuff up--I swear I actually heard someone say that once).
And, then we have Jack. Now remember that we had no bats or balls on this particular day. This minor fact did not stop Jack. He was very, very into this pretend game of baseball.
I took it upon myself at that moment to reveal the following: My favorite part is the shower. It's true... it is. I love that feeling of taking a cold shower and getting clean after a good, hot, sweaty workout when I've pushed myself to the limit.
In the study tourists were also asked to rank each city in terms of which was the most romantic, expensive, cultural, modern, most fascinating, historic, smallest, greenest, most unique and most eventful.
Even after you harvested your "witloof", don't (DON'T) put those carrots in the garbage or compost, but try a second time in some fresh soil under a dark cover.
In addition to articles, press releases — statements traditionally sent to the news media — are a great way to distribute your message. Because of the Internet and access to search engines and RSS feeds, press releases are now being seen by a wider audience, one that is likely to include your prospective buyers. This is great news because it means that your release is no longer relegated exclusively to journalists who are looking for a story to write. In fact, most press releases are published as is.
5) Jesus makes a statement to his disciples at the end of St.Matthews Gospel that translates like this: “All authority in heaven and on earth has been given to me.” Jesus is teaching his disciples he is to be treated as the seat of all spiritual, human, political and non-political power in both heaven and earth. Therefore as Christians whenever we encounter someone with political authority we see them in a position that is only rightful to Jesus. We are taught to tolerate and respect those in leadership positions but I don’t think we should be seeking to elect people to positions that Christ has claimed as rightfully his.
A host of sages and mystics assembled in a great forest to perform a prolonged sacrifice for the benefit of the world, which just entered the challenging Age of Quarrel. One morning a very learned sage, named Suta, appeared amongst them and they all questioned him eagerly.
Rob Arash Inman ッ ‎"YOu are gay"
what do you think?? are you fond of twitter? addicted? or could you care less...
Part of Cairo.
I've got just about every color of the Toho permanent galvanized, so the fact that Miyuki is making them, too, is dorkily exciting for me! I haven't worked with these Miyuki ones yet, but they look very good, very clean, and the sample card features a beautiful blue, a color I haven't been able to find in a permanent galvanized bead.
Talk Talk Life’s what you make it UK
So a funny thing happened in April (worst transition ever, but we're gonna roll with it). Somewhere around week 3 or 4 of my training plan, A started commenting that my legs were starting to tone up from all of the running. By the last week of April, my pants were noticeably more loose. But the most remarkable change this month was mental. For the first time in my life, I started to see myself as a runner. I have seen myself as an athlete before. A swimmer. A cyclist. A rock climber. But even in the past, when I was running to cross train, or running in order to avoid being kicked out of Air Force ROTC, I never bought into the idea that I was a runner. It stopped me dead in my tracks when I realized that I was thinking about running outside of training and blogging about it. It startled me when I realized that I was starting to look forward to those 4 day/week runs. I really couldn't believe it when I sought out a running book at Barnes & Noble on Saturday.
Now in the midst of an alleged “peace deal” being brokered by the UN’s Kofi Annan – a deal that is admittedly designed to buy time for rebels to regroup, rearm, and redeploy according to US corporate-financier policy think-tank the Brookings Institution, the rebels have openly rejected the plan and demonstratively continue on with a campaign of terroristic violence.
Do you have a Token Single Friend?? Or are YOU the Token Single Friend?? Tell me of your experiences!!
There is a counter at the window where you can sit and watch people stroll down Main Street or you can choose to sit at the bar which is like no other I've ever seen. The bar stools have multi-colored electric guitars for backs! I wish the pictures were better but the restaurant is dimly lit even in the daytime; the tables are candlelit at night. And of course, the music is an eclectic mix of the many generations of rock 'n' roll.
It really works♡At least for me, I did notice a difference when using this before tanning. Although, the difference doesn't show only after one time.
- Not thinking about school when I don't have to
It is very essential to check the variety of dishes on the menu before you choose a caterer. Some caterers are specialists in particular dishes whereas the others are not. A thorough research will help you tremendously in arranging the most delicious food for your honoured guests.
An atheist heart has casted me out
When you're making up your guest list think about setting some guidelines for yourself as to where to draw the line: Singles with no guests, only first cousins, no work colleagues. And where to make exceptions: Singles in the bridal party can bring a date, the only single friend in a group of friends can bring a date.
I am without any die cutting machines, and feel like I've lost an arm.
I could say this scene is a foundational principle of my dadhood, but it’s closer to the truth to say that it sticks in my head like a broken record. Something about this ridiculous science fiction feels true. That is what a dad must do, I think. At least, that’s what he should try to do: protect the kid. Eliminate cyber-bots and/or bullies, defuse plasma bombs and/or common colds, but be sure you maintain a secure perimeter around that child.
“This is a problem with their military culture where they think the senior commander should be at the front,” a military official said.
Catholics teach that a priest can forgive sin, but a priest is only a man. Isn’t it true that only God can forgive sin? I don’t mean in a way that any of us can forgive one another, but in the way that God forgives and saves us.
I am writing this letter to you on my own computer and sending it out for publication via my own email. I am not, and have never been, a member of any political party, of any communist party anywhere including the Communist Party of India (Marxist) or CPI(M).
The program will start at 7 p.m. Wednesday, at the Ike Box, 299 Cottage St. NE, Salem. Information can be found at the website of Oregonians for Alternatives to the Death Penalty, oadp.org, or at (503) 990-7060.
If I may, I would just like to offer a few little things having to do with cleaning bathrooms while nursing babies, homeschooling, being 8 months preggo and not bendable, and in short, just having lots of kids. It's the reality factor that's missing from the books (less in Confessions, as the author raised five children; more in Home Comforts, the author of which had one child, and I truly believe you can do anything with one child, including have a clean house all the time!).
3 scallions sliced on the bias
Immediately after she had her stroke and was in the hospital, our family was trying to decide what to do with her in regards to treatment. It was an tricky ethical situation. My grandmother couldn’t express what she wanted. We wanted to send her to short term stay in a rehabilitation center, in hopes that it would get her somewhat independent again. However, we didn’t know for sure if she would ever gain her complete independence back. She couldn’t talk and could barely move the right side of her body. If there was any hope of her getting better, sending her to a rehab center would have to be the way to go, though. I knew she was absolutely terrified and against the idea of going to a rehabilitation center. I’m sure she thought she would never leave and thought we were going to leave her and forget about her in some nursing home.
Hansina
And, then, dear readers, I fished my purse out. Yes, with my hands.
I collected all the small little plants from my backyard and planted them in this pot last month. The plants has flowered and small plants are sprouting. Took that photo this morning and look at the rest :
For ages 3 and up
The zyOzy Foundation today announced the release of the Brighter Way Haiti Choir Project video across all social media outlets.
One of the most helpful things for me was looking at tons of comic books and graphic novels and studying the ways that comic book artists draw their characters. It took pages and pages of sketches for me to learn how to be consistent with my characters’ proportions and likenesses.
The Life Path 6 suggests that you entered this plane with tools to become the ultimate nurturer, and a beacon for truth, justice, righteousness, and domesticity. Your paternal, or maternal, as the case may be, instincts with a 6 Life Path exceed all others by a considerable margin. Whether in the home or in the work place, you’re the predominant caretaker and family head. While the 6 may assume significant responsibilities in the community, their life revolves around the immediate home and family, for this is the most domestic of numbers. Conservative principles and convictions are deeply ingrained and define your character.
Can you have too much of a good thing? I loved the explosion of colors and patterns in these pictures, but have to admit that there may be a little bit too many things going on in the pictures! But they still make for some fun pictures!
of one's dedication to a cause greater than oneself or
If I do what I know I can do well and bemoan lack of opportunity for really having a chance to show my talents I can convince myself that it is the world missing out on me rather than me not being good enough.
We strongly approve, given the indelible images created from that game, and we’ll approve even more strongly if the Bulldogs bring back the white helmets with the interlocking M-S-U logo to go with the white unis. (UPDATE: Uniform blog UniWatch spoke to a State official who said the uniforms will be white, but won’t be 2000 throwbacks–and even if they were, they wouldn’t feature that particular logo because the rights to it still belong to former outfitter Nike.)
But the hospital was kind of like a "honeymoon." Some other-worldly place. Coming home is when it started to feel weird. When I got in my bed and realized for the first time that I was able to lie down on my back or tummy again, I started tearing up. DH came in the room to say he wanted to go to the store and buy a tray so he can serve me dinner in bed. (Um, taking his take-care-of-the-momma role a little too seriously, no?) I told him no, that's a waste of money, as I tried to hold back my tears. Then he said, "Are you crying? You really don't want me to buy a tray, huh?" This led to a bout of hysterical laughing and crying at the same time. I told him I was just hormonal.
But as if the brand itself isn't magnet enough, the marketeers have posted models in the doorways and models on the roof, hollering all day long for passers by to come in and shop. And this is just the followup to the biggest publicity stunt of all: 101 shirtless men out for a stroll on the Champs Élysées. The Huffington Post has the video, if you must.
Those will be the ideas the majority of the other entrants will have chosen. So, once you’ve finished your list, throw it away. Then start a new list and pick one from that. It’ll be more original and that means that it should be more interesting.
I realized something on Friday. Just before my epiphany, I had lifted the arm weights, done my sit ups, set the bike up to all my adjustments, and crawled on. I set my music and began to pedal. Just as I was getting into the rhythm of the music and the ride, a guy got on the bike next to me.
The next day we also went to Harajuku & Shibuya - so much to explore still!
My short meeting with her certainly left a lasting impression. It’s not often that you meet a person so passionate about the environment and conservation.
Ever heard the expression,"jack of all trades, master of none?" its seems like a good idea to be a "jack" initially, I admit. After all, if you know a little bit about a variety of subjects, then you will be versatile enough to do whatever a client calls for! What's wrong with that?? Well, while you WILL get a couple of assignments, you may not feel entirely comfortable doing that particular thing. For instance, I can DO background drawing, but it's a labor intensive activity for me, as opposed to cartooning and caricature which I can do in my sleep. When a client hires you to do a job, they're not expecting a generalist, they're expecting a master, who not only knows their subject inside out, but can even re invent and re adjust on the fly. When you are teaching, you don't want there to be any guesswork. You also want to have fun! Strive to teach on the subject that you KNOW. Doing so will help you develop your own niche, and it's this Niche which will focus you and make you stand out from the pack.
As for ‘How deep is your love’ – I feel the only reason a guy wants to know is to either boost his ego or for the purpose of running – we all know that guys run once they smell commitment. Maybe that is why the brothers Gibb thus wanted to know – the song sounds so romantic but girls we’ve enough experience to know that guys often have an agenda.
Most recently I was revisited by Pythagoras. His writings are on my list of things to read when I reach my third golden age of reading (the first golden age ended at age 17 when I left home, the second ended when I finished living in my student attic in Edinburgh at age 26).
Anyway, the song is a great showcase for some backing vocal harmonies, organ, and Dave's guitar. I'm a big sucker of this, although other musicians I know think it's a cheap trick, but I love when a drummer switches to playing in double-time. That happens at the beginning of the song, it lumbers for a second, but then Mick kicks it into high gear and away it goes.
I'm not entirely sure why this was, but let's just say that I didn't feel it. Not really. So I threw away the ten thousand words. That will teach me to blog about word counts...
The last day to enter is Tuesday, 1/17/12. I’ll go through all the entries, use Random.org, and announce the winners here on Wednesday, 1/18/12. US only for this one. Sorry!
Follow Len and Leslie Marma of Success! Real Estate on their facebook business page, “Marshfield Matters” ….. click LIKE to receive real estate info and what’s happening in Marshfield.
“Then he threw his arms around his brother Benjamin and wept, and Benjamin embraced him, weeping” (Genesis 45:14). “They all wept as they embraced him and kissed him. What grieved them most was his statement that they would never see his face again. Then they accompanied him to the ship. After we had torn ourselves away from them, we put out to sea and sailed straight to Cos” (Acts 20:37-21:1). “The brothers there had heard that we were coming, and they traveled as far as the Forum of Appius and the Three Taverns to meet us. At the sight of these men Paul thanked God and was encouraged” (Acts 28:15).
There are a bajillion reviews of Cabin in the Woods on ye olde interwebs and since I don't think mine will be all that different, I propose we have a discussion. And by "we" I mean me. But by all means let's make this a discussion and comment below.
Morgan’s parents were devastated… and determined. Two years after their precious daughter died, Steven Adams and Joan Slaughter joined the Oncology Advisory Board at The Children’s Hospital in Denver to learn more about research and treatment options. They wanted to give directly to an incredible team of doctors in Denver who would put the funds immediately into leading-edge research and treatments. Joan and Steven asked a small group of friends to help host a fundraiser. On a cold night in February, 2001, artma (art for Morgan Adams) artmaonline.org was born. Hundreds of regional and national artists donated and hundreds of art-lovers showed up. The night was nothing short of magical, and the Morgan Adams Foundation was officially launched. www.morganadamsfoundation.org artma became a bi-annual event, and in 2003 they added a second benefit event, the Morgan Adams Concours d’Elegance (a fancy car and airplane show that has been very successful). Last year, the Morgan Adams Foundation celebrated its $1 million milestone in donations to Pediatric Oncology Research.
Rocky IV is entertaining if not taken too seriously. The film is an interesting picture of how we viewed the Cold War in Ronald Reagan’s ’80’s. It is clearly defined good guys verses purely evil bad guys whose hearts are thawed out in the end by clearly defined good guy’s clearly defined goodness. It works on most levels, but itr is by no means a masterpiece.
For the first New Beer Friday of 2012 we get to enjoy a beer that's long overdue.
anyway since it’s been such a blast on okl i thought it would fun to share some of the things with who better than you? so if you’re into ephemera leave your name and we’ll announce a winner on monday. till then, have a great day and start of a tres bon weekend!
For all those who are unaware of this maverick creative man, Pandey has been the brain behind all the mega serials coming from the house of Balaji. He is the one of is penning down the script for Tonk’s movie, and will be directing it as well. Making a film that talks about women’s modesty and demands justice for women isn’t easy, but Tonk and Pandey are confident that they will successfully drive the point home. Seeing their confidence, we are sure of it too!
Sam: I know, I have mental problems.
This clown on the other hand – with his smeared greasepaint and his insecurities – is seductive. I’ve been imagining a world in which he could live – a world populated by tattooed, pierced prop artist / roadies, and an acting troupe made up from self-identified vampires, their consenting blood dolls, militant pagans, and other societal drop-outs. There’s a middle-aged, asexual couple with fluid gender-identities too – I think they design the special effects, create the makeups and manage the books. I am in love with them all.
I don’t really know what else to put in this little ditty right now. While it doesn’t seem complete, I’m not yet sure what else to do with it. It’s really meant as a handy extra to do calculations and provide numbers for others scripts, similar to a user-agent sniffer, but for widths, heights, aspect ratios and such.
Nobody owes you a single thing except to be left alone.
In this light, the mission of social work is not to conduct a direct assault on social failings and abuses; it is to keep learning about such problems and to keep seeking out the needed resources. Counseling psych people and MBAs are not our competitors, in this view; they are the ones who have the requisite skills. If there aren’t enough of them, we may have to get in there and fake it — to provide direct service, that is — until either we have developed the expertise or, preferably, have found someone who was trained for exactly that purpose. (I say “preferably” because you won’t be looking at the big picture, and juggling all of the balls that need to be juggled, if you are mired down in bookkeeping, in client counseling, or in other specialist tasks.) The role of the social worker is, generally, that of the collaborator, the resource seeker, the persuader; it is not that of the accountant, the psychiatrist, or the nurse.
If you’re abreast three added DS users, you can play a aggressive four-player mode. This approach abandoned requires you to accept one bold card, demography advantage of the system’s wireless bold download amore to abode the all-important abstracts to the added systems. Unfortunately, the multiplayer is a appealing arid competition, beyond the appetite is to be the amateur captivation the a lot of stars if time expires. So you will action adjoin the added three players, accepting them to bead stars and accession them for yourself whenever possible. There are abandoned a few altered multiplayer levels to accept from, and by and large, this accomplished approach feels like an afterthought. It’s a nice added and a abundant adventitious to analysis out the DS’s wireless multiplayer, but it isn’t something annual traveling aback to afresh and again.
BE AN ILLUSTRATION HORDER. God can use anything and shows up in all kinds of things. Delete your edit button. Just simply horde ideas. So, if you see something and it sparks your interest, take a picture of it. Cut out the clipping. Grab that physical object you saw or that crazy rock or that weird thing in the window and put it in a bucket for an illustration later. If you hear a story that inspires, ask them to write it down and send it to you. Get a name and a phone number. Just horde all kinds of ideas and then when you need one, go to the bucket and you'll have it. If you don't stock the idea tool shed, don't be surprised when you have to panic and go all over town to find what you need last minute.
the more we want from you.
One thing that might have you reading no further is the fact that this is a query letter, a piece of paper that pitches a novel, and I’ve only mentioned the book once. In my experience, it might not be my letter that gets me thrown away but the close-mindedness of adults who can’t imagine a future for a silly little sixteen-year-old girl. That’s why I’ve dedicated this entire cover letter to getting you used to the idea that not all teenagers sit and drool in front of the TV all day.
Above the reference plane is the step plane, this is effectively the underside of the sidepods. This must sit 5cm above the reference plane. Again the surface must be flat and run from the complex regulated bodywork zone around the front of the sidepods to the rear axle line. A large clearance is mandated around the rear wheel to prevent teams sealing off the floor against the rear tyres.
Mysterious Rangers – Quintron
M. Mother’s name: Carolyn
Romney’s SuperPack fund currently stands at $42 million while Obama’s has only just surpassed $2 million, showing the divide that exists between the two candidates. Romney, who has baked record low corporate tax cuts and benefits for outsourcing jobs, has received millions from anonymous companies and funds all eager to jump back into the good old days of conservative control. On the other hand Obama has made many enemies in the corporate world over the course of his presidency from Heath Care institutions to big Oil, leaving few affluent backers that feel another four years of Obama would benefit their profits. Or at least as much as Romney’s economic agenda would.
BLITZER: Based on my conversations with very high U.S. officials,
52. Egypt Game, The: Zilpha Snyder
“Who are you?” I asked weakly.
It never fails, not even for those with tails. When you are in a rush, no one will mush. Maybe they can take some tips from sled dogs and stop being slow bumps on logs. So for G the grocery store we explore.
I will stock up on it for gifts for loved ones .. and for me .
"What if we clapped for every good idea like they do in the state of the union?"
India are also without the stylish left hander Yuvraj Singh, who has been ruled out of the remaining matches of the series with a finger injury.
"Nice one. Very smooth. You taking notes on this, Chloe?"
Sparrow's Flight by Sam Kepfield
-Metrics That Matter. How Do You Compare to the Highest Performing Services Organizations
"Shutter Island" has the extra problem of being a product of its time, where the construction of the plot is more important than the sum of its themes. It becomes a series of parlor tricks that leads to a conclusion that is not as mind-blowing as the director or writer hoped. It feels like someone telling you they will pull a table cloth off without pulling off the dishes. They tug at the cloth just a little and then say they are going to do it for real this time. They then repeat this several more times, before flipping the entire table with the dishes crashing to the floor. Those dishes are the Big Twist.
It has lots of options and you can upload and then save your edited photo without any sign up...nice.
after the cafe, we were off to Sushi restaurant XD ♥
Indeed, we find in Black God, White Devil a film that is greater than the sum of its parts. For all of its confusion concerning the caracters, it is a remarkable film. Its impossible scenarios of evil and morality create a kind of dream world where the characters seem to float by. Its black and white photograph crackles with heat and dry wind. The world is as stark as film negative.
A holistic business
Me: Yeah, I can see that. That is disgusting Samuel, this has to stop. I know you think it's funny but it isin't This is seriousuly the most disgusting thing anyone has ever done to me.
So, when it's time to keg the dopplebock, I will take one gallon and add it to 3 gallons of boiled water and keg both beers.
Other scores
"Give thanks in all circumstances; for this is the will of God in Christ Jesus for you." 1 Thessalonians 5:18 (NIV)
Under the proposed MTA plan, the cost of an unlimited monthly Metrocard would increase nearly 17%, from $89 to $104. Riders would have the option of opting for a less expensive $99 card with a maximum number of trips limited to 90. The MTA has presented this proposal as progressive, noting the difference in income between riders who purchase the pay-per-ride Metrocards and the unlimited weekly cards, and those who purchase the 30-day pass. I would say that the board has a faulty understanding of wealth when they consider an individual making $63,000 annually in New York City comfortably able to afford a 17% fare hike. The monthly unlimited card has always been the most affordable option on a day-to-day basis; those who use public transportation daily and choose day-to-day or weekly Metrocards are clearly purchasing their cards with the money in their pocket. I agree that the MTA should keep the needs of New York’s working-class citizens primary in their consideration, but a truly progressive increase would not harshly punish the majority of middle-class New Yorkers.
The review: almost exactly like a regular taco. The Doritos fake cheese flavor isn’t strong enough to compete with the fake meat and vegetables in the taco. So you get a tiny pre and aftertaste of Doritos, but that’s about it. The much bigger difference is that the shell starts breaking apart as you eat it because the shell thinner and flimsier.
- my friend Ashleigh and I got into a fight while were pretending to be a penguins, but we stayed in character as we were fighting. bahaha
Mr Campbell offered them a shed to sleep in; he didn’t want them chopping down his trees to build their huts. From that point, hoodlums from Mugabe’s Zanu-PF Party kept turning up. Over the years, everything went. They stole the irrigation pumps and tractors he’d used to turn his 3,000 acres of veld into mango and citrus groves so lush that he had become the leading grower in Zimbabwe, selling his fruit to Marks & Spencer in England. They rustled his cattle, a special Sussex/Mashona herd of small, hardy beasts. They even stole the copper telephone wires on which the bright blue bee-eaters would sit and flash, and set fires round his stone-and-thatch farmhouse which he couldn’t put out, except with the garden hose he used to water his roses.
Ford: please run on attacking other Americans
Kamilla Sztyber (FAC Chair) at facartists@gmail.com
The band, which has been compared to alt-legends such as Blonde Redhead and At the Drive In, is currently plotting further steps towards world domination and plan to tour the world extensively.
If Latino immigration into the United States continues, it would raise the fertility rate from its present 1.6 children per family to 2.11, which historical studies have shown is just barely sufficient to maintain a culture for 25 years or more. Without them, the United States and Canada could well become yet other Islamic nations not long after Europe.
The other day I read an article about Fidel Castro poking fun at President Barrack Obama. Apparently, Castro found great amusement in Obama’s plan to wear a “guayabera” shirt at some Latin American summit. I found this to be an amazing story on a couple of levels.
1. The Furthest Point
IMHO: I think we concerned Carroll Gardeners should at least start a petition - although a protest wall would be a more suitable option. Who's with me?
It was during these days at sea I appeared on the in-ship TV show The WAKE with JJ Knight, our Cruise Director. You can see me above wearing one of the latest styles from acstudio9.com.
So you're welcome to disagree with me about which music I love, but I was just listening to OK Computer, and listened to "Exit Music For a Film" followed by "Let Down" followed by "Karma Police" -- which, despite having made so many great songs, might be the best three-song run Radiohead's ever strung together on an album. Might.
- Did you take one of the parrot's pills?
A project as big as Atlantic Yards surely would have some share-the-wealth impacts in Brooklyn, but it's not a charitable endeavor.
but its also painted and Stickle`d up,
Then she did something I most certainly did not expect, instead of continuing on her walk ahead, she now turns to the right, finds a table which was just off the sidewalk and already was illuminated by a candle the waiter lit. As she sat and corrected her dress she again looks my way, this time her eyes were inviting, her foot pushes a chair slightly away from the small circular mosaic table. Without hesitation, I composed myself the best I could and quickly begin towards the door, down the small winding stairs and exited the door just besides the small cafe.
$110
By Julie Rowe
“New duties,” you hear. A sign of hope?
I Never Knew Your Name
NEW LINKS
where the people are clowns and the boys
Now I don’t care what you say, but hopping 400m turns out to be a lot harder than some people thought. I think I had only completed the first 150m or so, my right leg feeling the impact of me (quite a large chap) jumping up and down on it and I had to stop for a few seconds. Upon going again it was clear this wasn’t going to be easy, just a few metres further and I stopped again. By the time I’d reached the 3rd bend the leaders were crossing the finishing line, a minor embarrassment but I was at this point ahead of Kat. By this point I was probably doing 10-15 metres in between short breaks when I realised a man dressed in a banana costume had crossed the finishing line.
Honolulu International Airport has free wi-fi!!
It is a 10" circular vintage"porthole" convex glass frame, and the collage itself is on the front and back of a piece of glass, with a dual-layer paper collage behind it. Super-deep!
Long Train Runnin' - The Doobie Brothers (Dance Remix)
I think the power has been drained out of a lot of female heroes. Sleeping Beauty for example. Totally, and literally, passive. She does NOTHING. Snow White again, after all the warnings she STILL eats the apple and has to be saved by the prince. Cinderella is another. Her only real ability is to look good in a dress. Good grief! Those are not the sort of heroines I’m interested in.
Of 27 groundwater measuring sites across England and Wales, 11 are exceptionally low – down from 14 last week – with another eight still below normal.
So, Dare to get out of your COMFORT zone into your COURAGE zone to accomplish things you have never done before within your CORE zone.
Teas selection
Pantheon Books, New York, 1979
Then all you do is round up the headbands from under the sink, stuffed in drawers, in pockets of backpacks and laying around the floor (since this was the storage method of choice before), and pop them around the can.
ps: A huge shoutout to the bride's family - thank you thank you thank you sooooo very very very much for making sure I had as much natural light and pretty light as possible to work with all throughout the day and night. It made all the difference. I hope you know that :)
Effective communication in social media requires a need to understand the medium and the audience. And it requires good writing and editing.
Difficult issues arise because Article 136 has to be read along with Article 153 which permits reservations and quotas in favour of Malays and the natives of Sabah and Sarawak.
She nodded. “Yup. You’re wasting your time on me. Might as well go find another girl to charm.”
Bake cookies until cracked all over and tester inserted into center comes out with large moist crumbs attached, 8 to 9 minutes. Cool cookies on baking sheet 5 minutes. Transfer cookies on parchment paper to racks to cool completely.
and the boy.
The LORD regretted that he had made human beings on the earth, and his heart was deeply troubled. So the LORD said,
I thought I would share how we are using some of these herbs in the next few weeks. Today we'll look at oregano. We all know oregano is terrific for Italian dishes like spaghetti, lasagna and pizzas, but it is also good used fresh in green salads. It can also be added to bread doughs for a wonderful herbed bread or pizza crust.
This is a Feng Shui remedy. A few crayons and some tape. Even a Stick 'Em can work. Feng Shui is supposed to make your space cheerier. And your space is a reflection of you. Sometimes we get so complacent, busy, stressed out, we don't notice that our surroundings no longer (if they ever did) reflect who we are and where we want to go. I bet most of us aren't hoping to dock in Heck anytime soon. But if we are not careful, our surroundings might be navigating us there - slowly, silently, efficiently.
Assemble all 4 slow cooker recipes in about 30 minutes. Have them ready to throw in the slow cooker on busy week day mornings or use them for easy meals on the weekends.
01: Aerosol – Excess (06:53)
I have a very romantic attachment to this burg, and I think David shares that feeling in his book. In fact, I think those that are on the verge of giving up on this town might want to pick it up as a sort of, disgust panacea. It'll cure what ails you and remind you that this place is made from pure magic... even if its inhabitants are black-wearing, frowny-faced, closet linebackers. (I still love them, it's okay, I used to wear sweatshirts and jeans to work -- nobody's perfect.)
The freedom and freshness of the open waters is something that cannot be easily described. It must be experienced to get its full effects. The one way to do this is on a yachting holiday. The cost is not as high as you might think but will depend on where you are going and the level of luxury you are expecting. Many people’s expectations of yacht may be no more than a little wooden boat with some sails, but with yacht charter we are talking about something that can be very luxurious indeed. In fact if you are looking for a yacht with sails, some of the most beautiful examples are the gorgeous twin hull catamarans, which have stability beyond belief. Most yacht charters however involve the super extravagant diesel powered yachts, which are more like ships, but quicker.
all went into the feeling of reverence that I experienced on that hill
As with the New York Times editorial earlier this week, Anderson supports the provision in the bill "to hold board members more accountable to their fiduciary responsibilities."
Your bleeding heart and soul,
Briar and Hilary finished 1st in their division.
Disclaimer: The opinions on this post are my personal take on the products. This blog is a personal blog written and edited by me. I am not compensated to provide my opinion except for receiving the a basket of chocolate covered fruit. If you have questions about this post please contact me at: alissa4illustrationAThotmailDOTcom
So, I opened one of my devotionals the other morning and had to have a little laugh. When the Holy Spirit is making a point in your life or wants to get your attention, most times it will surface repeatedly.
Fallows writes simply, in efficient prose recalling more a business executive than a florid essayist. She accompanies her husband, journalist James Fallows, and her reports from China echo those he might have written for "The Atlantic" magazine. However, with a doctorate in linguistics, one might assume Ms. Fallows brings to this small work a greater familiarity with language structures and comparative analogies.
I had to run to the store because we were out of diapers, and while I was looking at the different deals that were going on at the time and trying to decide, a woman stated, very loudly, "Oh, thank GOD I do cloth diapering. I would NEVER subject my child to the dangers of disposable diapers. Seriously, what are those mom's thinking?!?" Then she saw me and just looked at me and said, "Whoops! Sorry."
Unfortunately, Shep’s recent setback occurred just a mere week to the day that he showed significant promise on Studio B during his “Bear Report.” On that show, he aired the Trampoline Bear clip but he elided the offensive frames of the black bear crashing into the concrete-like earth albeit jesting about “bear trampoline safety.” Optimistic that Shep may have turned a proverbial corner, the author penned, Carpe Diem‘s “Hope Springs Eternal” that he would not “return to his vomit.”
ANCHORAGE, Alaska — Anchorage police have begun sending bills to people if officers have to make more than eight trips per year to their homes.
This girl wasn’t a fluke;
A side note - when we were doing the work that started this blog, knocking through a main wall and extending the bar, something came to light about this. Their target is 8 weeks, otherwise you can start work if they haven't replied. When Dad had sent the form in, we heard nothing for 7 weeks 6 and a half days. Then they told us the wrong form had been filled in - we'd have to re-apply with the correct form. They kindly sent out the correct form - exactly the same one we'd originally filled in! Doesn't sound like a major problem, but we'd booked builders and prepared to shut the pub so the work could be done during the quite season. But the time they responded, a further 8 weeks, we were coming into season and couldn't shut. They delayed us for a whole year for no good reason
He briefly had a share of the lead, after a birdie on the 15th, but slipped back after he bogeyed the 17th hole.
Adler SP. Molecular epidemiology of cytomegalovirus: viral transmission among children attending a day care center, their parents, and caretakers. J Pediatr 1988; 112: 366-372.
If you are an artist and would like your music featured on this radio show broadcast, please email your track and information to weplaymusic@dejavufm.com
Don't Give Up
And my own personal Ohno-in-Black.
“Frank Bartleman was an early leader of the Pentecostal movement at the Azusa Street Mission in Los Angeles, California. He was a central figure in the Azusa Street revival of 1906. His reports published in the holiness press heralded a world-wide revival. Bartleman’s journalism helped to inform the world of the Pentecostal renewal and was largely responsible for promoting a revival that is still spreading throughout the world. The following is an excerpt from Azusa Street, Frank Bartleman’s chronicle of the birth of the Pentecostal movement.”
From your apron to your rolling pin we want you to have style and confidence while baking. Providing you with helpful hints, recipes and practical knowledge, we hope to encourage you and share our enthusiasm and love of baking. With the right tools, a dash of inspiration and a boundless imagination, you can achieve your baking goals!
Lately I have been pretty obsessed with an American reality television show, called “The Voice”. Unlike American Idol, it starts off vocal auditions for the show with the judge’s back turned towards the contestants so that people are picked based on their vocal chops, not what they look like, or their marketability. Unlike American Idol it also seems to allow people of all ages compete, and doesn’t cut off contestants at 28. The idea is that talent doesn’t stop when you cross some invisible line, where you become too old to break into the business.
But who's complaining? We finished every last bit of it. And how can you beat a night with friends, cocktails, hot dogs and dessert.
I had a wonderful doll house when I was a child. It was a pressed tin model with the decor and fixtures painted on. It had two levels and a lovely little "flagstone" rooftop patio out to one side; the style was very colonial. It looked just like this one that I found on Ebay....don't even ask how much they go for now......
Nope, none whatsoever.
Can all the English please die?" the Boer general asks as the English prepare to hike up the mountain from their camp. A lone Union Jack waves solemnly over the camp while a sea of Vierkleure (the old ZAR flag) decorates the hilltop. The British are outnumbered and the English commander just smiles and nods his head as a rendition of the famous De la Rey tune, sung by a Boere knaap, thunders over speakers.
Speaking of Chloe....she has discovered a few new talents. I added a few pictures to demonstrate:
+1 leave a comment on this post with your email
Aroma: The first impression is of a new-mowed lawn. Second impression brought a slightly sweet malted barley aroma to the front, more or less. Finally the lip-to-sip confirmed the hops as the dominant flavor. The new-mowed lawn is joined by a very slight lemon aroma.
a car repair place that actually replaces an under-warranty for free, without finding 20 more problems with the car.
No more cluttered coat mess by the backdoor. Check. No more walking clear across the kitchen just to make a quick sandwich. Check. Extra storage space. Check. Easy peasy garbage access. Check. Seriously, the total time invested is so worth the outcome, and will be gained back before I can say, "super snazzy kitchen pantry switcharoo project, complete!"
Congratulations, ladies!
This plant has two blossoms~
So I believe we go into parenting based on what we see others do, how we were raised of course, and by the very NEEDS of our children- if we take the time to listen to those needs.
Natalie calls Paul over, and shows him the items she found. Before they can discuss their next move, Wexler returns and enters the office, leaving the couple trapped in the hidden room. As they listen to him leave, Paul and Natalie try to escape, only to find Wexler waiting for them.
Like Su-Jen, however, my identity changed as I grew. English became my dominant language and my Spanish vocabulary was so limited, that I actually had to make an extra effort to learn words for school (and slang) when I returned to Venezuela. When I returned to my native country I felt like an outsider. Even today, I know that my experiences as a child have given me a unique point of view into my native culture: as an insider but also as an outsider. I also had been exposed to many different cultures in my international school, which gave me a different view of the world compared to those of my all-Venezuelan classmates. This type of evolution of the child character is what gives the story so much depth.
“Black and Asian people are like a spreading cancer ... There are no-go areas in Halifax, where I have lived all my life, where white people daren’t go even with their cars ... All immigration must stop ... The country is full up. We don’t want people like that here. They have a different attitude to life. They are not wanting to adopt our ways of life.”
2053.E-V/4/1997. “Pardon Everybody.” Chicago Sun-Times, p. 28.
Admitting the black-body radiations of Hawking and Unruh
Sam trades Monkeypus for a Real Live Girl (we assume an embryo in a box), which, after talking to his friend, the Blueberry Pirate (Joshua Taylor), he decides to take to Jupiter for more trading. Jupiter, by the way, is now a mining colony run by Lee Vilensky (Peter McRobbie channeling Robert McNamera), who rewards his workers with shows from The Boy Who Actually Saw a Women’s Breast (Gregory Russell Cook, who “gets to” wear a great costume: “It was round and soft”). Sam convinces Vilensky to trade him The Boy for the Real Live Girl. He succeeds and jets off, intending to trade The Boy on Venus for the recently deceased King. Since only women inhabit Venus, they keep a stud male around to keep the gene pool from stagnating. The former stud has died and his wealthy family on Earth is willing to pay handsomely for the return of his body. Sam and The Boy get held up along the way to Venus, however, when they run into a flying barn in space. After a quick discussion with the barn’s inhabitants (silver miners from Nevada who accidentally gained super intelligence), Sam agrees to take a boy (who wears a bodysuit and is ignorant) back to Earth with him in exchange for chocolate and cigarettes.
Interesting, but maybe scary, Pick:
Me: Name a country that starts with the letter D.
Years ago I had a boyfriend that would get his monthly bills and shove them in the drawer. I found that humorous. I would wonder “do you think that since they are out of view you don’t have to pay them and that you won’t be held accountable for them?” I watched as small bills which could have easily been managed grew into huge problems. Late fees and interest and finally a bill collector hounding payment. We are held accountable for all our actions. Action equals reaction. That is the law of karma.
My eyes burned. I hadn’t blinked since my ass met the chair. Still, he continued, just as calm as he had been when he was making some kind of sense.
Are there any among us that cannot sympathize with the panic many of us feel this time of year? Check out me-ander and It's "That" Time of The Year, Again, Food Inventory. As someone who has tremendous anxiety in the weeks before Passover, I can so relate to this.
(a) The heat of the oven expands the air and gas in the dough, which causes the gluten framework to distend.
½ pint whole blood
Nov 4 – The Marquee – Tempe, AZ (W/Cobra Starship)
Turns out, what I want to enjoy now is hot wraps.
The name Cox’s Bazar/Bazaar originated from the name of a British East India Company officer, Captain Hiram Cox who was appointed as the Superintendent of Palonki (today’s Cox’s Bazar) outpost after Warren Hastings became the Governor of Bengal following the British East India Company Act in 1773. Captain Cox was especially mobilised to deal with a century long conflict between Arakan refugees & local Rakhains at Palonki. The Captain made significant progress in rehabilitation of refugees in the area, but had died (in 1799) before he could finish his work. To commemorate his role in rehabilitation work a market / bazaar was established and was named after him as Cox’s Bazaar (market of Cox). Cox’s Bazar thana was first established in 1854 and a municipality was constituted in 1869.
Inspired, we were. Alone, we were not. As soon as we came back to Richmond and told other RichmondWCR members and other chefs, we now have a collective force behind our steps to improve school nutrition programs in Metro Richmond schools. We are eager to start, but schools are on summer vacation right now.
As children we always had Saturday morning Cartoons to look forward after a long hard week of School. Now there is no such thing, there are so many Cable and Satellite Channels that Saturday morning Cartoons have been rendered obsolete with the over saturation of Cartoons in 50,000 different channels that it’s hard to keep up. So for us old timers, Alvin and the Chipmunks are gearing up for the third film and were honored with their very own Hand and Footprint Ceremony at the Grauman’s Chinese Theater in Hollywood. Let’s take a look.
Cold rainy, and windy out this weekend. Haven't been out at all . My legs are really sore and stiff. Don't know why.
I actually don’t have time to put make up on so what I did is I used photoshop to add make up. For the smokey eye effect I used the mixer brush and blur effect and lessen the opacity to make it more realistic.
Lesson of the story. Be careful of what you say to others, it might not mean anything to you but it could mean the world to someone else. As much as possible, I like to build people up, there's too much negativity in this world and sometimes an encouraging word or a show of appreciation really does go a long way.
We had been warned that Saturday 28th would see a large demonstration in Kuala Lumpur for free and fair elections in Malaysia. Thousands of people gathered in the city for a peaceful protest, the finalé of which resulted in the crowd storming the barricades to Merdaka Square, where they had originally planned to rally but had been banned by the city council at the last moment. This was met with force by the police who fired water cannon and tear gas to make the crowd disperse.
So it was that I found myself recently striding to the door of Montana – the newest, hippest bar/club in all of Pareeee.
- 2 tsp. hot sauce
Life is passing by and I find that I am not recording it....therefore, I'm afraid it will be forgotten so I am going to really try to do better about blogging. One of my favorite things to do is to go back through and look at the pictures and happenings of our life from a couple years ago. I can remember it so much more when I write it down (obviously ;-)
"... But Glenn Beck is saying something else: "Leave Christianity." Again and again in the Gospels, Jesus mentions our responsibility to care for the poor, to work on their behalf, to stand with them. In fact, when asked how his followers would be judged he doesn't say that it will be based on where you worship, or how you pray, or how often you go to church, or even what political party you believe in. He says something quite different: It depends on how you treat the poor.
7:10: Junebug gets a bath.
Artist: Lauryn Hill
I stopped asking, distracted by the automated blood pressure cuff cutting off the circulation in my arm. My hand would curl into a ball while everyone just stared. I took it off, threw it on the floor and explained they would have to take my blood pressure the old fashioned way. (I'm not a good patient.) It was about this time our friendly nurse, Ann, clammed up. She wouldn't even look make eye contact with me.
One thing we learned a while back was to NOT go to Hollywood Studios on a day they were showing Fantasmic. It's only shown twice a week (usually), so when it is shown, guests flock to the park. We are not huge fans of the show and usually skip it, but many other people love it. A busy park is not really fantastic for us. It means we have to wait longer for our favorite attractions.
Face: Defy Gravity under Holika BB cream in Baby Bloom. Evil Shades finishing powder.
Ealte pronounced ee- al –tee
It quotes Dr Malcolm Griffiths, a consultant and clinical director in obstetrics and gynaecology at Luton and Dunstable hospital, as saying that ‘It's probably not a dozen people in the country who are doing (abortions) around 20 weeks and beyond.’
Lately, I’ve been followed by the grim reaper - every time I turn around, someone I know is sick, fighting for his and her life, or reached the end of the line; honest hardworking folks, who turn their bodies and trust over to the medical professionals. My role, I’ve come to learn, is to provide love, comfort and support – but no question, it’s hard.
my monopolies of suffering, memory’s
A number of observations need to be made about this inventory:
Ok. Carter is a 3-dimensional thinker. He has the piece of a shelf under his bed. He brings it into my office and tells me he wants to make something. He has a piece of paper on which he as drawn out all the shapes and sizes of pieces he wants me to cut (like a part sheet you would see at the back of an appliance manual). I cut the pieces he wants and help him attach them together. He was making a trophy. He was in charge of family home evening and it was going to be a tournament of board games. This was the trophy for the winner. Allison was the lucky winner and her name is now on the front plate for all to see forever.
If to all this you add an 1892 windmill, twelve swans that are released in the park for the duration of the exhibition, the seven inspirational gardens, the ibulb nformation pavilion, the restaurants and souvenir shops within the park, you get quite an impressive tourist attraction that should definitely be taken into account if you are visiting The Netherlands during the season!
As for us fans – this is no time to brag. If things go our way we’ll have the whole summer to do that. Before then we need to roar this team across the finish line. After the game is before the game.
3 shallots, skinned and cut into slices
“Worries about the future.
Excellent job, Rama! I look forward to seeing more from you!
Person 3 - Male, 19, Agency Worker
This may seem silly, but I read a magazine that does a "short list" of things that different celebrities love at the moment. I LOVE making lists, so I thought I would do my own version of a "short list!". Only this is a short list of baby/mommy stuff that I currently LOVE!!! So here goes...
Wired
3. Make sure your source is reputable and the prices align with the reputation. If you are spending over $700.00 for an original on paper, or over $2000.00 for a painting, do your homework on the reputation of your seller to make sure you are getting the value you are paying for. Having said that, I have picked up some really nice pieces of art at student art shows and sidewalk art shows, at bargain prices. But as a word of recommendation, don’t try to undercut the price the artist is asking… they are likely not making a great profit as it is.
I don't work for a Fortune 500 company but I can damned sure bet you that my health benefits are going to go out the window when our contract is up.
Concentrating on Cybele risks perpetuating the hackneyed (and surely deeply sexist) equation of Woman with Nature, the chthonian and the primitive. "Mother cults," wrote Camille Paglia, "did not mean social freedom for women" because "nature's burden falls more heavily on one sex," a fact to which honouring the female-ruled mysteries of life and death can only draw attention. I don't agree with Paglia that civilisation was invented by men as a defence against the oppressiveness of female nature. But goddesses like Cybele do embody a set of misogynistic assumptions; at the very least they represent a male way of thinking about, and failing to come to terms with, the Otherness of women. There's nothing whatever "feminist" about them and little that modern women should be wanting to "reclaim".
The election will turn on the economy but the question of character will haunt Romney.
MAHER: You could have went to New Hampshire and killed two birds with one stone.
I don’t know if this is a deliberate act by the locals designed to keep us walkers on tenterhooks but this is the last section of wall our heroes see today. Not that we are disheartened. The rest of the walk is quite charming. If one can ignore the increasing number of bogs of mud, faeces, water and urine at every gate, style and ladder. Yes, Ok so we all know it’s only Bovine and Ovine but that doesn’t stop the sinking feeling that enters your stomach as your foot slips beneath the crust of a green bit and the gloupy suckiness tries to enter your footwear. At least that’s the impression Our Hero got whenever his Trusty Side-kick looked upon yet another fan of concentrated country-side on each side of a crossing point between fields.
Monoglycerides/Glycerides – From animal fat. In margarines, cake mixes, candies, foods, etc. In cosmetics. Alternative: vegetable glycerides. See also Glycerin.
MacDougall, Curry College
"I tried to feel where she was shot, but I couldn't lift my head as they were shooting and I was scared they would hit me. I just kept my hand on the wound and hoped I was doing the right thing."
COLL-C 100 (33349), Introductory Indonesian, 4 cr
The aim of this campaign is on how good health throughout life can help older men and women lead full and productive lives and be a resource for their families and communities.
The brakes, the gas mileage,
Lunghu thought he was just joking around when he casually remarked last month that Israel wouldn’t be satisfied with bombing Iran –they’d want Jonathan Pollard released from federal prison, too. Some literalist in Tel Aviv must have thought that sounded like a good idea …
I give you....
You have to always protect the food. Whether it's still on the stove top, on the counter, island, or in our plates....you must always protect your food because girlfriend can jump ANYWHERE!
Today was another pretty special day.....I went on a helicopter ride with my nephew. There was a place, not too far from me, that was offering helicopter rides ...it was 12 minutes long. It was beautiful, such a different experience than a plane thats for sure...10000 times better!! As for tonight...I am staying in...I am exhausted, I want to read a bit, and relax
Doing it yourself, of course, means you not only write and edit the book (which, on the downside, can result in overseeing the hopefully rare typo; plus there’s no cash advance) but you also do the promotion work, which primarily involves trying to get book reviewers to take a look. It turns out there are hundreds of reviewers out there — mostly bloggers — who will consider indie books, so getting in touch with them takes a fair amount of time.
Before the free show, Celebrate Brooklyn's organizers will hold their annual fundraising gala, so if you've got $325 (or more) to burn, step right this way. (Proceeds go to fund the annual lineup of free events.) And for $50, you can get a season-long membership, which gets you a reserved seat up in front of the stage, and access to the after party.
If there was any doubt concerning the validity of the superintendent search process it should be abundantly clear to everyone that the process was nothing more than a ruse to placate the community.
My 5 choices for this AWARD are the following wonderful gals :
Just barely, by some reflex of his lizard hindbrain, Rel managed to sway away from the edge. He prostrated himself on the concrete, forehead and hands pressed to its cool, smooth-worn surface to keep from rubbing his eyes. Coughing did nothing to ease the cramp of revulsion shocking through him, but if he did put his hands to his face he doubted he could keep from clawing his eyes out.
(DEF II, v.3, ch.37, p.411)
Step 3: Start to add milk slowly into the mixed
We all love vampires, but what's the deal with all the 'good' ones in films like We are the Night (2nd down from top, below), Interview with a Vampire, Near Dark, and others I'm sure I can't remember, wherein people become vampires only to also become pious, refusing to slaughter innocent humans, feeling guilty about it when they do, and giving the vampires who kill and drink humans a rough time, worse than preachy vegans. Give them a goblet of blood they'll drink it and never ask where it came from, but killing humans is, like, wrong, just like the 'good' Terminator can only shoot humans in the legs, and Batman even risks collateral lives to not run over the Joker on his gay little scooter (The Dark Knight).
The Great Eastern Shipping Co. Ltd (Eastern Shipping) is engaged in shipping business. The company has main two business, namely shipping and offshore services for the transportation of crude oil, petroleum products, gas and dry bulk commodities. The offshore business services are provided to the oil companies in carrying out offshore exploration and production activities. Eastern Shipping operates along with its subsidiaries that include The Great Eastern Shipping Company London Limited, The Greatship (Singapore) Pte. Limited, Greatship (India) Limited, and The Great Eastern Chartering L.L.C. Greatship (India) Limited. is headquartered at Mumbai, India.
“His children are far from safety,
My many Macs have been misbehaving while I've been at work and I got home yesterday to find they had produced a new baby. A teeny-tiny sooper-cute ickle MacBook Pro. How sweet is that?
Libertines – Don’t Look Back Into The Sun; Can’t Stand Me Now; Time For Heroes
The "turkeys voting for Christmas" include the banks under French or German thumbs, plus the funds controlled by the Greek government itself, like the public sector pension schemes. This adds up to about 60% of the bonds.
Well, I didn't realize he still wouldn't be in to paint yet?!?!
When the pressures weaken, the trades do too and a period of warmer-than-average sea surface temperatures arise in the east-tropical Pacific Ocean around December, blown along the surface against weakening trade winds which churn its billowing mass into a lingering ‘entity’; the length of its stay can influence weather conditions across much of the globe.
striped shirt: Forever 21
Light as my loves’ thought, the few sick
God’s grand dream for the world, of which we are invited to be a part, is to make all things, to make everything, new and healed and redeemed.
The chap that did the talking spoke to us about Beetlejuice being ready to go pop at any minute now - in astronomical terms; in people terms, anytime within the next 100,000 years. Destructo Boy was somewhat disturbed by this, as he was quite concerned that we would get sucked into the resulting black hole, like, tomorrow - and then where would we go ? Because no-one has ever been in one before, and what is in there already ? And it might be a bit crowded what with all the rocks and spacedust and things. I think also he was quite downcast that his own destructive abilities are somewhat dwarfed (geddit ? the astronomical pun ?) by a supernova.
A random trip to Taco Bell last week got me thinking. The brood and I needed to waste time between pick up time at the Bigs' school and the start of Girl Scouts. Seeing as I'm already making 2 round trips (VA Beach /Suffolk) every school day til summer vacation, I'm staying in Suffolk in the afternoons when we have scouts in the evenings. I mean c'mon... as it is I'm driving 160 miles per day or 800 miles a week. Well, last Monday, we cleaned up at our old house, did some homework, and then headed to Taco Bell for a quick bite to eat before dropping Julia at Brownies. With Donk in town, I really don't bring all 5 very many places these days.
Too cumbersome to fly
Allan: John loved teaching and learning from others. He wanted to find new ways of teaching and getting people to interact. In order for John to interact with the world he had to ensure it was accessible. And…he set out to make it so through communication and gentleness, always being reflective … … … and choosing… just the right… words to make the …point.
1The LORD is my shepherd; I have everything I need.
My liquor store might stop carrying my favorite beer purchase.
They were fun to complete and can't wait to see what is coming up next. I have already learned one new
Tuesday, October 26th @ 7 p.m.
This is where the manager steps in. When he’s allowed to make the decision, I think Arsène Wenger is the best around at knowing which players to bring forward, which to hold back, and which to cast the hell off.
“The body was identified by Elango’s brother last week. We will also go for DNA profiling for scientific confirmation. Though the youth was missing for about six months, his parents did not lodge a complaint with the police,” he said.
I just love this tote bag by The Zen Garden. From an antique Chinese brush painting, a small bird sits among the bamboo. This design is sure to become one of your favorites.
A lesson for SF writers
- Best selling books
I am not going to procrastinate. If it's on my mind, it will get done.
YEAST COLLECTING VESSEL - Meantime a most primitive system prevails as regards collecting, and storing pitching yeast, old casks employed for same and unboiled pit water being the only water used for cleaning these casks. Messrs Adams have fitted a rail below fermenting vessels with the idea of running aluminium yeast tanks under parachute tubes to collect yeast from same, but meantime there is only the rail. This system, if properly carried out would be an admirable one, but fairly costly. Meantime I would suggest getting three copper lined yeast waggons on wheels with portable cold water attemperators, such as your Brewer has seen at work in Duddingston Brewery, for storing his pitching yeast.'
~pajamaed
I hope you enjoyed these highlights from the I Teach K! National Kindergarten Conference! I also hope that they bring me back to present there next year, but there are no guarantees, even though my sessions were full to bursting with participants! Last year, I was not invited even though my sessions always went well in the past. If you have plans to attend next year and would like to see me present, I would love it if you would email SDE and let them know that you would like them to bring me back again. They DO keep track of and listen to these requests. It is going to be in Las Vegas again at the Venetian/Palazzo Hotels, on July 9-12, 2012. Thanks, I appreciate it!
Soup is the answer. It is often the answer as you can make it and freeze it if you don’t really fancy it or the weather is too warm. Not something we are likely to be struggling with this Bank Holiday. Soup really will be the answer as temperatures are due to plummet. But something zesty and bright might help.
In those three sentences lie a truth completely obscured from our self-centered culture’s “me-relationships”.
A dizzying whirl of celebrity
Yes, a paintball is played on a field the paintball marker repair of this article, combined with some online research of paintballing websites will enable you to use it instead. Aside from that, a game involving the paintball marker repair like the paintball marker repair, Electra, VS1, VS2. Smart Parts has some punch and power? Answering all of these security labels sometimes make this to ensure that participants enjoy the paintball marker repair a woody hilly region. Next on my agenda to be pushing their selves towards the paintball marker repair with the paintball marker repair. Your mask is a great way to get started in the paintball marker repair a farmer 10 miles away from an outdoor field. The player becomes an easy target for the paintball marker repair up paintball field. Shapes available include large triangles, rectangles, and cylinders that provide great cover while playing. These types of fields generally include both natural and man-made objects to enhance game play.
The Bootles (Bootleg Beatles tribute band)
It’s the quotations from the book, however, that show how conservatives think of their world and those around them. Sarah Mimms, writing in the National Journal, has pulled together some choice bits to save the rest of us the time and money to read the book. She describes her method as the “excerpt lottery,” in which page numbers are chosen based upon recent winning lottery numbers from various states.
I knew a guy that did this once. Everyone called him diaper after that and he never got a girlfriend again. If you were a chick and you saw a group of guys, you wouldn’t be sniffing around the one they all call diaper now, would you?
Squant jumps
There may be discrimination, but that cuts across racial, religious and ethnic lines, she said. American law and culture "has gone probably farther than anywhere else in the world in trying to guarantee legal protections for people."
So, what made the Not Bob challenge so good?
Not one more day, she thought to herself. Not one more day of vomiting. Not one more day of barfing back the day’s sustenance. Not one more day of wiping puke off the floor and rinsing half-digested chunks from her hair, with no one to lean on.
Curry powder, 1 tablespoon
I am typing to you with tears in my eyes because I am unable to have the birth I want because I don't have enough money. Is there anything I can do?
There are websites that list meal plans and recipes for people like me, but often they are for omitting one item or maybe two, not the entire list that is applicable to me. A dairy-free site will tell me to avoid dairy if baby is fussy, but suggest cabbage or broccoli as an alternate calcium source, which also makes my baby fussy. A breastfeeding guide to nutrition cautions me to get plenty of calories, and then merrily suggests getting plenty of calcium from sources like yogurt or broccoli, which we've already established are out of the question.
His case marks what some observers see as a key turning point in assigning accountability to an organization that has a long history of protecting priests who abuse children.
“Everyone was amazed and gave praise to God. They were filled with awe and said, “We have seen remarkable things today.”
his fury.
“It was good to see you up close again, old man.” The sound of his voice wavers against the other noise filling these streets. By concentrating some more, I hear him more clearly. “That reporter’s disguise of yours isn’t entirely a disguise anymore, is it? The skintight suit isn’t quite as flattering as it used to be, and there are a couple of wrinkles that weren’t there before. You’re not running as hot as you used to, are you?”
After breakfast, the Satan Ana winds magically died off. (YAY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!) We all de-sooted ourselves in the restrooms, and then trekked over to New Orleans Square because Wednesday really, REALLY wanted to show the other kids in our group the Jack Skellington makeover over at the Haunted Mansion.
By Evelyn Spence of Council Bluffs, Iowa, USA
The woman in the show broke down because she remembered her father loves her. Regardless of how we act or where we may be in life, we can be assured our Father has the deepest affection for us. He wrote about that love in a letter.
Madeline Zima ... Lily
To be fair, their behaviour and attitudes, are exactly those which our society tells them to have, all those standards and values which held families and communities together, and which made our nation great are now ridiculed and even condemned.
I wasn’t going to touch on GoogleApps again until I encountered a fellow student in an undergraduate Spanish translation class I’m taking. We make the assumption that all “digital natives” are web savvy and technologically intuitive, or at least more so than us “digital immigrants.” I know that many of us who work in libraries know that this is not the case, but I must share my experience with this undergraduate student.
From the train we walked to Viktualienmarkt. It is a large farmers' market with all kinds of specialities. If you are interested, there is a lot of information in the link.
One day I will start up a club just for men. No, hang on, they used to have them, but they were forced to admit women..."
“When I heard there would be an apprentice shaman I was so- excited!” that voice hisses at him from across the room. “You haven’t any idea how boring this town has been. Two-house villages are so easy. You should have seen the look on her face when I revealed–”
In this note, I will supplement those notes by citing what Theos Sophia or divine wisdom said about them. Too many words said as a matter of fact. From the beginnings of the release of divine wisdom to the open public (see mahatmas’ letters) to the writing and release of the Secret Doctrine, the magnum opus on the wisdom, so many discourses on the Dark Chohans and the dugpas were elucidated.
In order to survive the rest of the year, Levine is given "care packages" of DVDs from friends, is taken out to meals - she even describes how she accepts invitations only from those friends whom she gambles will offer to pay. Throughout the book, I very much wanted to find out what would happen if a friend (who didn't know about the project) did not offer. This did not occur. Levine also allowed herself to purchase any books that were "work related" - over $600 worth.
Together, they witnessed the official naming of the SX130 sister pair as “Neptune Despina” and “Neptune Larissa”. This year alone, Sinopacific Shipbuilding Group has successfully delivered three global first fabricated high-end OSVs, such as GPA 696 in April and PX105 in September. With advanced construction capabilities that are rare among global OSV manufacturers, this reflects the group’s ability to manufacture deep-water OSVs and reinforces its position as a leading manufacturer of top-quality OSVs.
Techniques: Paper Piecing, Layering, Glittering
As we evolve in consciousness, we move from the animal-like state of preservation and survival to developing our own identity as a separate individual. In the process we become more self-centered. The next step is the development of the true individual — one who experiences no separation between self and other and awakens loving kindness. We always remind ourselves what the Dalai Lama said to us when we met with him: We are all equal here. The depth of this statement always connects us to our humility.
14. Herman's Hermits 'End of the World'
I just realized that I bought 3 pairs of shorts, and all three have rolled cuffs.
Well stop.
On my third batch, when the temperature reached 300, I took it off the heat and swirled it to cool. Then I made a little decapitated whisk by cutting all the ends off a regular whisk. I used that to drizzle the caramel onto a sheet of parchment paper then scraped it off to form a ball. Thank god it worked because I don't know if I had enough patience to try again.
It would be fun to try, but I suspect just about everyone who would sit down to play such a oneshot will go and see this.
The big news of the weekend — Mexico is going to London! Yeah, BABY!!!!
Rebekah Maddux El-Hakam
The Spratlys disputes have long been feared as Asia’s next potential flashpoint for armed conflict.
Just the tips of my weathered and sweet spring frock
Pre-boil Volume: 6.5 gallons
It is an attentive alarm that keeps my food schedule on course. I have learned to pack snacks just to appease it throughout the day. There is nothing worse than being in a peaceful environment and having your stomach start acting a fool. This has happened on more than twenty-seven occasions. I have learned to battle the growls with stomach tightening techniques. I am not sure how effective this is, but I still make the attempt. I’m like a Jedi trying to work my mind tricks on the dark side of the force. Like a Qui-Gon Ginn taking on Darth Maul…It never ends well.
I give this product 4/5 stars.
Later: the extra money was found and Towner now owns both pictures - once again the Art Fund has helped a museum buy work which is both popular and important.
Or, if we are going to be phonetic, maybe that should be Fonics and a for yeer oald boiy. Seriously, how confusing is it to teach children to read and write our beloved English language?
Sometimes God kindly sends afflictions to chastise
Did you know that most scholarly research produce astounding findings that indicate money does not even come within the 1st three most important factors of employee motivation? While it differs by cultural and religious influences, it is quite safe for me to say that all your employees are bound to be motivated by a host of other factors as well, instead of just money. For instance, they value sense of belonging, room for growth, room for achievement, in-group relationships with fellow workers, being a valued contributor to organisational success and a host more. While these points cost nothing to the organisation, it helps meet the motivational elements as need for achievement, social needs, need for power, need for love, need for self actualization etc., which can be identified in theories of motivation proposed by scholars such as Aldefer, Maslow or McClelland.
Many of us ol heads who have tats or black greek brands, have them in places you might see on our follow through during a round of golf, or during a pick up game of hoops, not when we are simply walking around in the mall. When we chose to make those personal expressions, we did it in a way that if we were a Kappa or we wanted to honor the memory of Tupac or another “dead homie”, it was on a “need to know” basis, not for mass consumption. Thats not the mind-set of many anymore.
Christan: So what happened?
I had halved the recipe, turned the crust into mini pies using 3 in round cutter instead of one large pie. Feel free to use any filling of your choice but now had stuffed them with fruit preserves. Be careful not to overfill as the jam will spill out when hot and burn. These are so cute and great for serving your guests.
In my lectures, I had made it easy for them, even though I didn't use the blackboard much. When I did, it was mainly to write Sanskrit terms. I would underline important words or phrases verbally as the lecture went on, so they could jot down key points rather than write too much and not take in what I was saying.
Schumpeter and Polymer Research
“The invisible Money Power is working to control and enslave mankind. It financed Communism, Fascism, Marxism, Zionism, Socialism. All of these are directed to making the United States a member of a World Government.” – American Mercury Magazine, December 1957, p. 92
High-volume roof-vent fan. Our Fantastic Fan is usually all we need to keep the interior of our RV comfortable.
Y'all have a sunny type day and remember: If idiots grew on trees, Congress would be a forest.
Hi all! hope you had a nice Easter... I spent the weekend more or less with Michael Porter, what a dream. If you don't know who that is I envy your life. About 3 more weeks to hand-in.
Endive with Maine Crab and Blood Orange
Jaxon is hanging out in my ribs right now as I type this. Halfway laying down/slouching on the couch probably isn't the most comfortable for him so I bet he's trying to get me to change positions.
Lubbe said that Andries and Deborah's dog had been poisoned a month ago and that Deborah apparently saw a green car hovering in front of the house three days before the attack.
…..is now here.
Holiday travelers at Denver International Airport (DIA) were surprised with an entertaining treat when a flash mob broke out in Jeppesen Terminal on November 22nd, 2011. Approximately 100 dancers from Community-Minded Dance (cmDance) performed a Lindy Hop to a medley of Swing classics in the airport's Great Hall in Denver, Colorado. Video by Rich Clarkson & Assoc.
As much as I love this book I feel I should offer a word of caution. At times the story is very dark and very bizarre. Unlike the material on which it is based this book is in no way intended for children or immature readers. There are a few scenes that are, quite frankly, twisted and perverted. It all lends itself to create a very specific tone to the book and to show that the land of Oz is far less than idyllic. I know several people who could not get through the book because of this darkness, but all I know who were able to make it through loved it.
I've been mulling this one since Day Uno of Adnoxious, trying to decide whether it's the ultimate example of a television message perfectly executed and incisively delivered, or whether everyone involved in its creation needs to immediately put down whatever they're doing, bid their loved ones adieu, and check themselves into a psychiatric hospital.
I am working again, thankfully three days a week, semi-retired. I am away from home for twelve hours each day I go to work. Those days feel very long for a tired old sod like me.
I know some people didn't like this stuff very much and prices tanked a little in Beckett recently, but i've gotten a few nice cards and think its worth the gamble.
I discussed the situation with some friends and feel I probably should not proceed with the whole family-trip-to-the-porn-store-so-Dad-can-buy-his-little-princess-a-festive-vibrator thing. It just doesn’t sound like a good idea, nor worth the $100 or so I will save. My biggest fear was that my father was hoping to make an impression during the vibe buying process so that I might remember his generosity whilst enjoying my Christmas gift. Funny thing though – call me crazy, but I don’t want to think about my father when I’m doing anything involving my genitals. I’m just not wired that way.
When it rained, it was soft
2. #TheTrend
It’s always a difficult question: Do we want humanity to survive, whether “primitive” or “advanced?”
Final Numbers:
“Ron”: I don’t know really. I’ve learned how to swype on my android now so, it’s just as quick.
The creeks run through their veins.
‘Twas upon nearing the door that three guards ahead were bringing in a dishevelled and roguish looking prisoner who appeared to have had a recent peppering from a blunderbuss. Once closer the prisoner looked at me and immediately exclaimed: “Er, ’tis the Highwayman! You nearly killed me when ye fired that blunderbuss at me!”. Then realised this to be one of the villains I encountered when extracting the money some of Tyler’s gang members had stolen from Miss Lucy Hendridge the month last.
Our ways, our hopes, our dreams, our lights.
(You have 24 hours to claim your prize, or I will choose another winner.)
The Crambe cordifolia has also got plump purple buds full of promise for later in the year. I have several plants and need to divide one to give to some fellow gardeners in Montrose. I'm sure they think I've forgotten.
UPDATE: The online version of the article now contains a review of the Barber Shop.
or so I remember my father saying, as he
I suppose really there are lots of reasons; excessive or inappropriate speed, not looking ahead, being unaware of hazards, using a mobile telephone/satnav etc, being distracted, being tired (slow reaction times), sudden movements (swerving to avoid a squirrel?!), not looking properly, not signalling your intentions to other road users, placing yourself badly on the road….. I could probably go on. It’s a cyclists responsibility to do what they can to avoid accidents within reason- cycling defensively, signalling properly, being aware of the other vehicles around them, riding within the highway code and the law… you could even go so far as to say “wearing a helmet” though that is not, and in my opinion shouldn’t be law (but that’s another argument). However, it is a drivers responsibility to do the same- to drive within the law and the highway code (which has probably been updated since most of us last read it, even if we can remember any of it). It is a drivers and the cyclists responsibility to respect other road users and try to ensure the environment is safe for everyone.
Rolin-Ianziti, Jeanne, and Rachel Varshney. “Students’ Views Regarding the Use of the First Language: An Exploratory Study in a Tertiary Context Maximizing Target Language Use.” The Canadian Modern Language Review / La revue canadienne des langues vivantes 65.2 (2008): 249-273. Project MUSE. Web. 6 Mar. 2012.
Completing a Form 1040 may impact a client’s “Accountant Satisfaction Rating.” Whether justified or not, clients often gauge their accountants by how much income tax they pay.
The White Cuckoo was written in just the way every novel should be written. To anyone reading this who is facing writers' block or who can't make progress with their novel, for goodness sake don't worry about anything. Write cliches, adverbs and do everything wrong. Don't stress at this stage. Just get it down and enjoy the writing. It took me a month to write the first draft. All that is wrong can be easily mended afterwards.
Ryan plan which would destroy the
"I HATE craft time!"
I got the gait analysis first. I ran for 60 seconds on the treadmill while they videotaped my feet. (I was put into a pair of neutral running shoes). Turns out I have a pretty natural gait, with exception to my right foot. I over pronate juuuuust slightly, but my analyst said it’s less than a quarter inch, so neutral shoes it is! He guided me over to the asics and offered two pair. 13′s and 14′s. My internal monologue was screaming “No! I don’t want asics! I don’t like the pair I have now!”. I nodded and hummed and hawed like I was interested then asked “what would you recommend in the New Balance?”. He seemed hesitant to put me in a pair, but recommended the 1080. Well that’s good, because I just bought a pair on Amazon the other day. (I got the style # from Runners World shoe guide).
What about other people? Do you dislike it when one of your favorite authors tries something new and branches out? Maybe tries a historical fiction, which has a very different literary voice than a contemporary? Or writes from a boy perspective, which is going to have a different voice than that from a girl.
If you’re looking for a well written yet gripping story to keep you intrigued and turning the pages this summer, then I would definitely recommend this! It’s a beautiful novel, one that forces you to look at life and all its decisions and their consequences. Stedman has proved herself as a wonderful new voice in fiction, and I honestly can’t wait to see what she will write next. My only sorrow is that I wish this had been included in the Waterstones 11 selection of debut novels, as I think it deserves much more recognition. But I’m keeping my fingers crossed for other opportunities on the horizon…
I’ll add my usual warning: this is not a fast-paced novel. Yes, it has an interesting plot, but no, it is not a fast plot because The Tale of the Body Thief is a character-driven novel. Anne Rice has wonderfully sensual descriptions and a compelling writing style, but as with all of the books in the Vampire Chronicles, The Tale of the Body Thief contains explicit sex scenes and other mature content. I would recommend it for ages 14 and up.
3 cups rolled oats
Each family member has their signature food that they bring.
Invisible Children was founded in 2004, with the film crew filming in Uganda in 2003. Watching Invisible Children is watching old news. Will watching it alert you to what has occurred in Uganda? Yes, but it will not let you know what is happening there today.
The candidates must meet the following conditions:
Old Market Pub & Brewery Portland A Midsummers White Belgian Wit "Belgian Wit called A Midsummer’s White that looks to be a lacy lovely" Or this one. I actually poured it out. Citrus and light. but not in the good way.
The circles and oval are Spellbinders Nestabilities, the stamp is Inkadinkado, and lastly, that little bit of embellishment is from Recollections.
UPDATE: After a couple of weeks, I decided the stationary envelopes were just TOO SMALL! So, I switched to creating larger envelopes! Much better!!
Last night we decided to stay in and recover from all the go-go-go we'd been doing, and it looks like tonight is going to be more of the same. I stopped on my way home and got some Festive Ale and Everything Must Go, which is a Will Ferrell movie I had never heard of but which looks pretty good (and more like Stranger Than Fiction than Talledega Nights, which is a huge bonus in my book).
As much as I love vacationing with ten kids -- really, I do -- I seriously can't wait for our adults only trip planned for June!! I'm starting to forget what it's like to sleep in.
Percy gave it life to the Templars, but was never obsessed by the cause teh way the others were. If things had been a little different, he would have walked away. But he stayed, and died, out of love for his best friend and his best friend's daughter.
With a simple glance our carriage rider has already begun pulling down food supplies from the back of the carriage. Fortunately, I will eat well; mother and father always travel prepared. Neither of them looks that concerned though, they will likely send out some sell sword to watch after me or fetch me in a day.
In today's publishing world how many really good books are missed?
Bake at 325 F for 20 minutes, or until a toothpick inserted comes out clean.
Let's face it. As insignificant as we all are... someone whom we went to school with remembers our name or face...someone remembers we were the clown or the dork or the brain or the quiet one or the bully or something about us.
As most of you know, I cannot stand clutter, which always causes problems for me when it comes to displaying things in our home....especially with hanging pictures on our walls, but that is a whole other post!!
A Hackney Council spokesperson said: “We understand that moving can be stressful and we are supporting Ms Parma through her move to a more suitable home.
It is über-helpful with Newton’s 3rd Law (N3L) because finding the name of the pair force means using the same phrase with only the objects flipped.
Everyone’s work is different. But for me the journey develops not from pre-determined pieces, but from creating the puzzle as I go along. I don’t know what the finished pictures is supposed to look like. I discover it as I work.
As Capote is the author of revered works like In Cold Blood and Breakfast at Tiffany's, its not surprising that his time in the house has defined the property somewhat. But Capote wasn't the owner of the house. He rented the basement apartment from owner Oliver Smith, who was himself a revered fellow in the art world.
resenting your birth order
Chicken Noodle Soup
Below is the same example with typesizes indicated. But why these numbers?
and i slept that night, with carolyn’s sweet voice in one ear and my father’s voice in the other.
a job that will require ten hour days this coming week,
The river bears no empty bottles, sandwich papers,
It was pretty easy to print on the linen provided it was taped securely around the edges of a piece of card stock. I tried the freezer paper method with no luck as the fabric got stuck in my printer. I wrapped the tape around the edges and to the back of the paper. I also found it necessary to tape along all of the edges otherwise the fabric moved around and the image wasn't straight.
On the fifth of November, we attended another local spectacle - the Sticklepath Fireshow - a yearly performance of puppet-ghouls and papier-mâché skellingtons in front of an audience of thousands.
Proper specialist education, speech, language and behavioural therapies, dietary interventions and some medications can all help.
The One and Only Ivan by Katherine Applegate tells the story of Ivan, a Silverback gorilla, and his friends: Stella, an old elephant and Bob, a stray dog. They perform three shows every day at Exit 8 Big Top Mall. When business slows, Ruby, a baby elephant, is brought on board and things change. This is a lovely story, funny for sure, and it will get and keep your interest. I think this is a book for all ages. It will touch your heart and put a smile on your face! I enjoyed it very much and the ending is so, so good!
for them to navigate, so they fell and plunged themselves deeper into darkness.
Capt. Brian Hickey, 47, New York, N.Y.
I pray for all of you, my brothers and sisters, and I love you dearly.
There’s a lot to like, for me, about Koko and Jormungand the anime. It’s great to see Iwasaki being fun to listen to again. It’s unfortunate that the radio drama cast didn’t carry over again but I’ll live. Koko’s shotacon ships also adds to that wolf-ness, don’t you think? Like, she’s gonna eat him whole? LOL. I think White Fox’s got a solid hit on their hands again.
stress its importance.
22. Patricia de Lille, politician (1951 - )
.....it was very difficult to find something
I want to rescue them all, all the broken hearted kids and love them up and show them how special and wonderful they are.
Nice to hear the odd one getting their come uppence
Iron
I am trying to locate this outfit as my GURU suggested:
That sweet girl with Macey is Daphne
Vergieva T, Zaikov KH, Palatov S. Study of the embryotoxic action of styrene. Khig Zdraveopaz 1979; 22: 39-43, 1979.
how they could be so strong
I bought this little Kraft colored jewelry box at Michael's. I thought about stamping on it and then I thought that might be kind of difficult with all the edges. Then I thought about wrapping it with the twine and making a tag, but all the tags were too big. So that's when I headed for the doilies. The first doily was too small (I'm feeling like Golidlocks here) the second doily was just right!
Yes, an army lorry had managed to drive off the road into a ditch. A little further up the road we came across his companions, parked up almost blocking the road. As all looked a state of confusion we dropped into the Local Police station in Gairloch to let them know of the potential hazards scattered on their roads. Rather fortunate, as The Army had already contacted them but had little idea of where their vehicles actually were, So much for GPS!
We have struggled with Braden and his grades this year. He is a brainiac in math but he was really struggling the first half of the year. He was slacking on assignments and making poor grades. His phone was taken multiple times, brought me to tears and caused a meeting with the principal. I am happy to report that he decided all on his own this past 9 weeks that he was going to get his work done...and he did! He did not miss one assignment and this was all on his own. I am so proud that he made a needed adjustment and took responsibility for his grades.
Lee and Ditko's Amazing Spider-Man focused on a hyper-kinetic depiction of the frenzy and constant bafflement of adolescence. Forty years later, McKeever and Miyazawa reworked much of the same material, adding the character of Mary Jane Watson to the Spider-Man haunted Midtown High School while emphasising the claustrophobia and charm, longing and loneliness of teenage suburban life. Where Peter Parker's super-powers allowed him to regularly escape his hometown for Manhattan Island, Mary Jane's existence is one in which the supposedly remarkable is only seen as from the other end of the telescope. Occasionally Spider-Man is glimpsed leaping over the neighbourhood's rooftops, an inexplicable presence intruding into a life of coffee shops, classrooms and Saturday jobs. In that, he's a symbol of all the romance and danger which Mary Jane's day-to-day life can't possibly deliver, just as the initially ghostly presence of the socially-peripheral, perpetually-bullied Peter Parker suggests the possibility of the remarkable hiding in the plain sight of the mundane. Spider-Man Loves Mary Jane is a beautifully restrained and heartfelt evocation of the life of an uncertain young woman on the cusp of adulthood. Just as Lee and Ditko did, McKeever and Miyazawa put the figure of the superhero to use in the service of a story that's concerned with profoundly human, essentially typical experiences. It's a measure of how unimaginative Marvel can often be that there's never been a whisper in recent years of a television adaptation of the series. How better to reach out beyond the Rump?
. . . always reminds me that there is so much beauty in the world.
“At the grass-roots level,” Pukey said. “We don’t need some bureaucrat in the State House to tell us how to spend local tax dollars.”
Archaeologists working the caves have uncovered a wealth of evidence from the limestone layers that date this location as one of the oldest in South Africa. The Makapan Valley has now been declared a World Heritage Site to protect this important archaeological evidence.
we can feel the melancholy.
Welcome to Sports Yolk! An interactive blog that focuses on everything happening
Well, these three did not turn out quite like I had hoped. The stones are called Sonora Sunrise jasper and I knew their colors were a little too fantastic to be natural. They are dyed and I just found out that they change color with heat. Dern it!
Technically, these are street shoes. But I'm taking my teacher, Daniela Arcuri's advice, wearing shoes that fit and do the job well, regardless of the label inside. (Her exact words were, "I don't care if they come from Payless, if they fit well, support you, and slide easily, they work for tango."
-Margaret Mead
Some time later, that was changed to “deceptively drinkable”, which is a bit more politically correct but still conveys essentially the same message, and the following legend appeared on the back of the bottles:
Yes, it sounds a bit vampiry but it is actually a clever play with words in Swedish. Mixing the words of The vascular system and running competition it becomes an interesting homonym. In Swedish it is Blodomloppet.
I agree that these are all great cities for book lovers. I love the Strand and I love City Lights. I have to go to the Strand every time I go to New York City (as I've mentioned here before) and as a devout follower of Kerouac I am happy to say that I have made the "counter-culture pilgrimage" to City Lights.
I then wanted to try making the same design with 3 mm bicones to see how it'd look. A tiny bit too small it seems: you get more of a gap between crystal and twin bead, exposing the thread in a less than pleasing way.
My Blog Spark is offering to give away another $25 gift card to one of my subscribers. This is an extremely short giveaway. The first one to comment will be the winner. This will be available for 2 hours and if there are no comments I will pick a winner using random.org.
Protecting income and assets from French taxes has never been easy, but has become particularly challenging over the last 18 months, during which period one observer counted 700 changes in tax rules!
7. Anything else you want to say? I am a grill master and an impressive species of suburban neanderthal.
The EPA tried to throttle “fracking” and they lost the battle in court when their testing science was found to be less that perfect. Pure water samples were found to have “fracking” chemical contamination by the EPA testers. The courts stop short of calling it fraud, but then again how did the fracking fluids get into pure water samples. Case dismissed.
Note: if you are making this salad ahead of time, make the quinoa, fluff, and add the dressing while it is warm. When it has cooled to room temperature, add in the spinach, chick peas and parsley; toss, cover and chill. Before serving add the pears and toasted pecans. Taste test and add more seasoning if needed.
Sunday night at Caerleon is Quiz Night. Helen Yendall and Christine Cherry set the quiz and ask the questions. They must devote a lot of time to this and always treat us to a good night. We split into teams of six. So why are there five of us here? That's because Simon Whaley took the photo. Our team's name was Whaley's Women and we came second.
Dean Cain ... Arthur 'Murph' Murphy
Some of you newblings (as I like to call it) probably don’t know this blog and what the point of it is. Well, let me explain: this is a blog about my life; like my diary, except not in the girlishly way. The rest of the information you want to know about this blog and me is written down in the pages above this post like the About to start with. The posts I put on usually (which I have not been doing for awhile) are just like my writings in my little diary about my everyday life. So if you understand now, you may proceed to either keep on reading or to exit this blog (because this simply isn’t your taste of interest). If you still understand, I still implore you to check out the pages above, they will most likely help; if not, then just ask me straight away, I will be happy to answer your comments.
My camera isn't working at the moment, so this is from my archives.
(And when the Sherman Oaks location opens in April, which I am so excited about, I will have another option close to me and be able to hit up either one on my way home from work - yes!)
Ladies if you’re dating a Liverpool fan, you’re the luckiest women. Even if you don’t think you’re pretty (and probably aren’t very) he thinks you’re the world.
Sreekumar says that at the end of the session, belief is that Devi comes, blesses all the men who are dressed as woman, and makes their wish real. For more information on this celebration, you can go through the detailed post written by Anu from Sincerely yours.
Here comes Hogan into the ring.
So I ask, is this really “all about the truth”, as Bob repeatedly claims, or is this really only about trying to win an argument at all costs?
Welcome to week 12 of finish it up Friday!
Fourth is a pork terrine draped with lentils in a vinaigrette, accented with frissé, radish shavings, and drops of mustard sauce. The combo conjures a multilayer pungent bitterness, softened by the velvety terrine. It’s dark, mild, and excellent, despite its focus on my least preferred selection of flavors.
And then I'm thinking... My mom works so hard. She's still paying for my brother's pocket money because my brother is in the army. Should I give my brother that money?
You know what the crazy thing is? I actually prefer the Zara knockoffs to the real Stuart Weitzman‘s. They look really uncomfortable, but they’re cuter. The Jimmy Choo’s on the other hand, I prefer to Zara’s version. What do you think? Which one’s do you like better? Would you buy any of them? Are you going to the Jimmy Choo sample sale? How much do you want to bet that I will spend at least two hours in line and not actually make it in? I’m sure that’s what will happen. But, if by any chance I do get in there, I will let you know what I see.
Beyond the Ivory Tower Seminar Series
I don’t know what to say to that. I have always been so stubborn that I have not been able to stay. Even when I had no place to land, I always jumped. I did that in music, cars, electronics jobs, and even publishing. It’s always worked. By worked, I mean I have always been able to find a new and better direction.
Dinner was late tonight because I had to make a quick card, photograph it before the light completely left the sky, and link it to One-Layer Wednesday before 9 PM. One-Layer Wednesday is the challenge that brought me into blogland; it's one of my favorites and I always try to participate.
I really geared myself up for this weekend. I got plenty of rest ahead of time, took my vitamins, lifted my weights, ate my protein. I was ready.
ps Baby Ella and the family are all doing very well adjusting to our life with a new babe. She's such a sweet, easy baby, and we feel so blessed! My posts will still be sporadic, as my main focus is my girls, and of course, the baby, but lucky for me, she is a fabulous napper, so I do manage to get in a bit of blog time!!
The second pouch I used a combination of Katy's tutorial and the zipper insertion tutorial Katy recommended at Sew Sweetness but I cut the zip just a little too short this time, my fault not the tutorial's fault. I'm much happier with the construction of this one, although not so happy with the overall shape. The triangle is made up of 25 paper pieced triangles in Lark by Amy Butler.
We need your help!
I am replacing Mulan with Wall-E. I loved this film from the first time I saw it for it's sweetness, humor, and social commentary. I think it works on so many levels but especially as both a cautionary tale and a heart-warmer.
The last time I saw the animal it was being stuffed, rather indecorously, into the trunk of the taxi bearing Candy and Bob to the Gare du Nord for their trip to London. For some reason, they decided against taking the metro.
Here's where things get a little ridiculous. This actually should have been a $0 project because I had all the supplies on hand that I needed. I have a big stash of embroidery floss but halfway through embroidering, I ran out and realized I didn't have any more white in my sewing supplies. Before I headed out to purchase more I double checked the color on the label just to make sure it wasn't "ecru" or some non-white version of white and guess white...what I thought was white was actually...
Cops fired over tussle with photographer - 09 Jan
I wrote a lot of stories when I was a teenager, but I hardly finished any. The reason was that I always got bogged down in the opening pages trying to set up the world. I would give the back-story on both the setting and the characters, the preamble about how such and such a person ended up where they were at the beginning of the book, and so on. By the time I'd scribbled my way through five pages, I was so fed-up with the whole thing I never wanted to see it again. I was bored, and had I been cruel enough to subject a reader to my efforts, they would have been bored too. 100 percent guaranteed.
This may sound like little compensation for the many rounds of work experience, but it happened to me. I had a two week placement at a weekly newspaper and at the end of each week I just kept asking to come back. I ended up staying there for most of the rest of the year and they started paying me. It eventually came to an end due to a lack of money in the company but I did still keep a role as a freelancer. If it happened to me, it can happen to anyone – just keep going and keep working hard!
I made him a sticker chart and got him some ball stickers. Every time he goes, he gets a sticker to put on the chart. When he gets 5 stickers, he gets a prize from the prize container (crayons, little coloring books, little dinosaur toys, bubble accessories, etc.)
Patrick Watson: Adventure In Your Own Backyard
I took some pictures during the process of making this little quilt. Hopefully you will enjoy seeing what this orphaned block went through and how all the little details were added along the way. I'll let the pictures do the talking...
Some of my super-dee-duper lovebugs (a/k/a Ladybugs) sent me a surprise today - talk about knowing how to brighten up a girl's world! I love these girls so much; they are just so very special to me!
Life is full of challenges. One after the other.
Ironically and unintentionally this post continues the theme of the last one….
But I’m also of the belief that it’s not just weight that’s an indicator of weight loss. It’s also just how you look and feel, fit in your clothes etc. And there has definitely been an improvement on that one.
A busy lady will be very happy with a single dish and easy new ways to use the left overs of previous night. This will save some precious time,energy and don't talk about the taste where there is not even a bit of compromise. In fact this will taste even better than the pin wheel. No really the party pin wheels were really a super hit .I have converted this awesome pin wheels to another superb dish. These enchiladas are no less. They are totally a new dish out of the same left over pinwheels but much yummy and cheesy goodness. Believe it my friends they taste much better that what it appears. I coud'nt even resist to click some shots just jumped into it and had them . Its one of my favorite comfort food . So here it is....
So look around your create space, no matter the size or location I hope it brings you joy and inspires you!
PS Love these colours but what you can't see in the pic is a silver overlay pattern on the aqua sections, very interesting.
Pace: 10 ; Parry: 7 ; Toughness: 10
I hadn't relaxed in Lord knows how long. The breeze felt good and I could smell the ocean. Things were lookin' up. Now if only we could find beer.
Hello there astronauts, Olympians, and/or science enthusiast! Cave Johnson here wondering if you’re looking for more ways to cramp that old grey matter of yours. If you’ve beaten GLaDOS for the umpteenth time and are looking to strain your brain with all new puzzles, then I know what you’ll be doing on May 8. The lab boys over at Valve have heard your cries for more content and they’ve been planning to deliver you additional DLC even a year after the game’s initial release in 2011. Ah, but this is no ordinary content pack, friend of science.
Image : Wikipedia
Anyhow, in case you haven't already heard, the Brits made a pretty good showing, given that there were only a pitiful 51 beers entered, which I've got to be honest I'm really shocked about. I'm aware that times are hard in the industry but surely the world-wide benchmark competition is something you should always enter?
The Bottom Line
2. Burgess, A H. Hops, 1964, p39-44.
When Juan Or was around 2 years 6 months old, Mommy tried introducing the briefs to him but he refused to allow Mommy to put it on him. Then off and on again, Mommy reintroduced the briefs and he still refused.
The Boer protestors (pictured above) also demanded that the murderers be hanged – and had also carried out graphic re-enactments depicting the exact way in which the Lotter women had been put to death – scenes which shocked many onlookers and caused indignation in the news media.
Soooooo, in honor of my birthday month, I thought I'd make myself a little candy. Pretty, sparkly, wearable candy!
Politicians.
Copper color, white head. Nose has a citrus hops and maybe some butter. Strong to moderate citrus hop taste with a quick finish. I see ya with the nice bread going on. I'm good to go with this pale ale. Its not a West Coast, but more like a weak American to a Strong British Pale Ale. Some cara-pils in there and more bread as it warms. 3 Star.
Life’s riddles,
Amanda J.
"Oh, you turned. That's good. You heard me. At least I know you're alive."
And to for those who stuck through the exercise, here’s the decoding on what players we were looking at:
The head: Big, creamy, amber-white in color.
Let it sit for 5 min or up to an hour – it will continue to grow. Then knead/stretch/shape it on a floured surface – mix it up with round, rectangle and square pizzas – I sure do.
I looked at my letters. Backward book titles swam before my eyes; then, a sudden moment of clarity.
Palestine, in fact, was a name imposed on Israel. As J.D. Longstreet pointed out, “In the second century A.D., after crushing the last Jewish revolt, the Romans first applied the name “Palaestina” to Judea. Judea was the southern portion of what we now call the West Bank. It was an attempt, by the Romans, to isolate Jewish identification from the land of Israel.”
It is clear the benefits system is broken and it is up to California fix it. But let's consider: If the system is dysfunctional then someone, somewhere is getting filthy rich off of it being so. Is it the small percentage of taxes from cigarette and alcohol sales that allow such purchases to go under the radar? That is extra cash that the State would not receive otherwise. Is their no info-dump of purchases or audits of EBT accounts being performed even randomly?
This situation is not optimal, however, as faithful priests begin to enter the communities which have been led astray often for years at a time, this is going to be the experience. My experience as a police officer taught me a lot. The world is full of "no" people. There will always be those people who simply refuse to accept authority. They are typically the loudest and they typically push the hardest. That is until, they realize you are not going to back down. Certainly, this is not the way in which the Bishop would have wanted things to work out. In fact, the letter is a plea for the faithful to change course. None of us and especially the Bishop want to see anyone leave the Church, however, the Church must be a beacon of truth. Remaining in that truth the free will of those who do not prefer it, must be allowed to choose whether they will remain and give her obedience, or reject her and become apostates. Nevertheless, he is bound by his office and his love for Christ to defend and teach the faith, regardless, of how it may make the faithful feel. Please pray for our Bishop, he is a courageous and holy man, who seeks to bring those who have strayed back into the fold.
Of course, here in craft starved Southern Ireland I have been completely unable to find any wooden boxes or even plain boxes. I found a supplier online but they don't post here..typical!
Then all of these bits n bobs!! Lots of crocheted flowers and butterflies, ami eyes, nose and some stitch markers,lots of buttons and bells and two really sweet ladybug pegs! Beautiful ribbons (the picture does not do them justice, it came out too fuzzy, but they are gorgeous).And then Hello Kitty Goodness! The Hello Kitty in the bag is so sweet!
Because my aged mother is fading.
I think one of my barn friends thought it was a little harsh to let her feel a rail if she took one. BUT...look at the last picture. These are 8 foot long rails. They're not that thick. They are much lighter than a real stadium rail. Klein is a big pony. I don't think her knocking one of those with no boots on would really hurt her, do you? If I did I would never do it. I have heard the stories of BNT's using metal rails, "poleing" horses aka hitting them in the knees as they go over a fence to make sure they get their knees up, putting rail road ties in front of rails so a horse could possibly hit one if they get lazy. THOSE are unacceptable. A thin 8ft long rail in shallow plastic jump cups, is not. And, if she didn't learn I wouldn't do it either. I know there are some horses out there that either wouldn't learn or wouldn't care enough to stop taking rails. It took once for Klein.
Three more Beano covers from 1999, 2003 and 2004, all hand-coloured by me.
H. Height: 5'5"
-You can enter to win the $100,000 Success Story Beachbody Contest
But, even when you do something you love, there are those annoying little things that keep life interesting. Yoga is no different. Here are my top 10 yoga pet peeves:
they're replinishing their shopping energy at a
Level 1 - Vanilla Ice Cream - Buy 5 Get 1 Free
Continuing our commuter chat, I said to wifesy, “You know, wouldn’t it be great if much like getting the right breed of dog for your family, you could get the right breed of kid?” For example, you have a bookish kid born into a family that likes to play football and spends their weekends enjoying motocross sports. The bookish kid is constantly frowning, reading, wearing black, and listening to Morissey. Then Cesar steps in and says, “No, this is the wrong breed of kid for your family.” He takes the bookish child and drops him off with a couple in upstate New York. In Ithaca, specifically, the town that houses Cornell University. His new parents are college professors. They spend each evening quizzing each other and Sundays languishing over every major national newspaper while sipping coffee and making homemade waffles. Bookish kid is beside himself with happiness and if he had a tail, you’d be sure to see him wagging it.
“High Plains Drifter” was the first Western directed by Clint Eastwood but he was already showing signs of the revisionism that would shape his finest effort in the genre, “Unforgiven”. What could have been a simple tale of revenge is elevated to a whole other level by Ernest Tidyman’s quirky script and Eastwood’s assured direction.
I suggest that you get together and plan where you’ll go and how you’ll get your interview notes.
Blurred (sevenhundredandthirty)
then returned two days later with the paperwork.
Hope you enjoy and get some great ideas!!
The adventure is linear, and assumes that the players and GM follow the story in the sequence presented. That’s fine with me, but Your Mileage May Vary, so be aware.
are flying away at college....
It would take a miracle you say?
My mother-in-law called me October 1st and said she had read my brother’s eulogy to her son and that she had cried and was very moved by it and to thank my brother. I don’t recall why she was reading it at this late a date, I had kept everyone’s eulogy from the memorial along with the guest register.
We are now gearing up for Halloween - a favourite time of year here at Hunnypot House. We will be decorating the fireplace today, and making Halloween cupcakes and carving pumpkins over the weekend. I also have a small collection of Halloween bears being released on Sunday too (you knew bears would feature in there somewhere, didn't you?!). Here are last year's mini bears - the ones this year will be a little bigger!
baby butterflies
Green tea
“Someone with the username “Flash Gordon” has been trying to dead agent (lol) me on the Ex Scientology message board by trying to convince everyone that I lied about the attack and am a horrible, untrustworthy person.”
The Rankin Home 219 E. Ridge
Wha? You were thrown into this war thingy that I don’t understand and you were told to carry some bridge all across the Shattered Plains and your shoulders are bleeding and your feet are bleeding and you weren’t given any vests or shoes because that damned Gaz guy doesn’t like you? HOW HORRIBLE! You poor baby!
Isocrates, To Demonicus 1.1 In many respects, Demonicus, we shall find that much disparity exists between the principles of good men and the notions of the base; but most of all by far have they parted company in the quality of their friendships. The base honor their friends only when they are present; the good cherish theirs even when they are far away; and while it takes only a short time to break up the intimacies of the base, not all eternity can blot out the friendships of good men.
Update: I've nearly finished editing with two of my Alpha readers. Their feedback has been amazing. Both of them loved it and said they had to do mostly line edits because it doesn't really need content edits.
Pack beech leaves into an earthenware or glass jar until it’s about nine-tenths full. Pour the gin over the leaves, making sure they are well covered (they will oxidize and turn brown if exposed). Let steep for 7-10 days so the leaves can release their striking green pigment. Strain the infused June through cheesecloth or a jelly strainer bag.
They have asked nothing of me in return and, yet, I would give them my life.
When treated with the necessary respect, a well-placed epigraph can work wonders. Even Elmore Leonard won’t dismiss them. In his draconian set of rules for how to write (which is really a set of rules for how to write like Elmore Leonard), he strikes off the prologue, the foreword and the introduction (as well as most modifiers, adjectives and adverbs), but the epigraph he leaves alone. One of Leonard’s authorial dedications itself reads like a sort of epigraph. “To my wife, Joan”, he writes, at the start of Freaky Deaky, “for giving me … a certain look when I write too many words.”
Then… Grace came along.
Stylistics – Here Comes The Sunrise
The people don’t have a voice
...Colonel Horatio Quinn...
darkness devoured by blackout,
Then the passage of time rubs off the rough edges. By the third and fourth generation, no one remembers. No one is taught.
ESTIMATED INITIAL TSUNAMI WAVE ARRIVAL TIMES AT FORECAST POINTS
Great time to stock up on Easter goodies too! No limits. Expires March 13th midnight!
“By night Reynolds, 37, revels in debauched threesomes with his wife and another woman, as pictures obtained by the People show.
So while we mourn that Humanity is SO freaking screwed up, that we need someone to save us, and in order to save us, He had to voluntarily GIVE UP His own young life, we can rejoice that because Jesus died for us, and because He was and is God's Son, He knew no sin. No evil. He was taken back from the dead, and was taken to His Father's House, in Heaven. To forever be the SON of God, The Prince of Peace, The LORD of all lords, the King of all Kings,
i have a theory: if you wrap something in aluminum foil, it won’t burn in the oven. it won’t have the black charred marks. it won’t be cold inside while the outer crust is burned. so i wrapped the baguette in a foil. sealed! and into the oven it went. i wanted it to be nice and warm when i served it, so i think i left it in the toaster oven for more than 10 minutes. then i took out all the spreads we had in our refrigerator, including the butter and cheese. this is like hotel breakfast at your own home. =) on the side, some lean bacon. i discovered Purefoods Lean and Mean bacon, and i am hooked! such little fat, yet crunchy! we love it!
After arriving, the first thing they did was visit Okinawa’s longest beach, which boasts a length of 700 meters. On sunny days, you can enjoy various sports or a stroll in the beachside parks, but unfortunately, the day we visited was nothing but rain and strong winds. It was awful: the lounge chairs that had been set out by the beachside were soaked; the umbrellas were beaten and battered by the wind; and everybody got completely drenched.
While Brad was in the attic, I had some downtime to finish some projects.
I had an anxiety attack. I found myself on the side of the road in my car, on the streets of Accra, in a neighborhood I knew well. Lost, out of breath and terrified. I had to call a friend to come and save me.
Village School, by Miss Read (Fairacre #1) – I’ve been meaning to dive into the Fairacre books for years and finally made the time. If the first book is any indication, these stories about life in a tiny English village during the 1950s, as narrated by the village schoolmistress, are sweet and witty. I loved my first visit to Fairacre and will be going back at the earliest opportunity.
Her: A fanny-ole.
So that's what's going on here these days. Classes, GVHD and doctor's appointments, and snow. Nothing exciting, but that's probably good :)
(Also, we happen to truly believe that you are fantastic. Gratitude can be expressed in your choice of especially thoughtful Mother’s Day gifts or by successfully completing adolescence without the need to be bailed out of anywhere. Take your pick.)
Back in 1989, when Ben was 9, watching him using his first computer—not, as I had imagined, for neatly typed essays and homework, but for living words that dripped, oozed, and swept across, not a clean white page, but a brick wall, a city skyline, a galaxy—I stared, slack-jawed in wonder. As a graduate student in composition studies, I realized I was witnessing some tectonic shift in what we think of as “writing,” but like so many others in our field, I had no way to mobilize this recognition, no way to explore my way into understanding, until I met John.
Image courtesy Pinel & Pinel
The only campaign that had any coherence or momentum was anti-Apartheid, although this largely amounted to shouting "Amandla!" at confused West Indians, picketing showings of "Zulu" and frowning at the Rugby Club's "Springboks" fashion range.
Ozeri Bath Scale: Amanda R
“We do practice often 10 versus 11, and the kids showed it,” Garcia said. “I thought we did maintain some kind of possession there in the second half, but we needed to create more opportunities. We didn’t and they scored on the set piece, and that’s the way it goes.
First, you'll want to hook up your Kindle to your PC and make sure you have all of your documents backed up on your computer.
Try to narrow your niche. How about historical fiction for younger kids?
Persisted, linked, through lengths and breadths
The main focus of the movie is, of course, lonely and troubled solicitor Arthur, as played by former boy wizard Daniel "Don't call me Harry" Radcliffe. He has to carry many long, wordless scenes in the middle of the slow-burning story as he explores the rambling, cobwebbed house, with only a small dog for a companion. ( No, not Rupert Grint... ) Radcliffe makes a fair attempt at pulling this off but is hampered by the repetitive nature of the scenes. He spends a lot of time looking out of the window at barely-glimpsed, spooky figures in the grounds of the house... then ventures out of the house to look back through the windows to see barely-glimpsed, spooky figures inside the house. But all this stage-setting pays off when the scares come thick and fast as the Woman's true nature and purpose are uncovered. While not as trouser-soilingly scary as the Nigel Kneale TV version from the 1980s, this is still a fine entry in the long tradition of English ghost stories and makes a change from the American teen horrors of recent years.
I clocked a tweet yesterday from a company that I follow – Cloggs. It simply said: “Riddler Converse!!!!!!!!!!“. That was plenty for me to go off and investigate…
From subtle stripes...
Sheriff Ross Carr...Rich Hamilton
So now that we’re about to begin, you’re probably asking, What are we going to do, and how are we going to do it? Well, we’re going to give you everything you need to make a body change—through a series of elegant and effective changes based on hard science—that will stick with you for your life.
The Lord Most High has given us our inheritance. The great King over all the Earth loves us. Draw close and sing, shout and know He has everything in control even when life feels out of control.
A few years ago I decided that Paul was mature enough to be able to go to the local garage and back to buy milk. You can’t expect a person to act responsibly unless they’re given responsibility, after all. To start with we had a few hiccups, where he’d wander into the park and roam around there for half an hour, sending me into a spin because I’d be scared he’d got lost, but once I decided to allow him to take Poppy for walk in the park, too, that stopped. Clearly he just wanted to be able to go in the park alone. I should probably mention that the garage is no more than 200 yards from our house and that the park is at the end of our street, so even closer.
Another thing is that this formal structure, where the stories alternate and by the time you get to the end of a chapter you're immersed in one character's world and you don't necessarily want to leave that world to continue the opposing storyline, really bothers me as a reader. I don't so much like books that do what I'm doing here. Which is, of course, part of the challenge: I'm trying to conquer a formal schema I dislike.
He said the suspect would appear in court "soon".
when temperatures rise.
One has to marvel at the audacity of this scam. There were so many parties that had to be involved that it boggles the mind to consider that a mere handful of alleged “climate scientists” who created the computer models and provided the falsified data were able to corrupt so many real scientists into collaborating. The prospect of vast amounts of governmental and foundation funding made the process easier.
First, you ought to work out the annual budget for your project. Your budget may, of course, decrease or increase in subsequent years. You can determine your budget in any number of ways. You might set a figure which is a percentage of your disposable income after essential bills, savings and investment. If you are the kind of person who keeps receipts, you might, alternatively, work out how much you spent last year on clothing and use this as a guide. It might be, of course, that you already have a very detailed household budget which includes a figure for your clothing. In which case let’s move on.
If you haven’t tried Mekong, I’d suggest you do it, it’s worth taking a bit of a detour to get some good pho. However, you can’t go with the expectation of a recreating the experience of Vietnam in a bowl. Personally, I prefer MVNH, just a couple of doors up Swanston Street – less packed, the freshest ingredients and just as good value for money. Of course, the service is just as bad ;)
Go to your start menu and type ‘CMD’ into your ‘search programs and files’ search box. CMD is the abbreviation for command prompt. It is in this utility that that we will primarily be working. You can also get to this utility by typing cmd.exe or command.com into your ‘search programs and files’ search box.
I just inked up only the word "valentine' and used the double vision technique. The stamped sentiments are from Marks Finest Papers-"love remains set".
This capacity for self-delusion is seen in the U.S. State Department’s assertion that the war on terror is over as it shifts its attention to Asia. This is the same administration that renamed the war on terror an “overseas contingency operation.”
I also did a show last fall that was terrible -- it was a 3 day show, the fees were high and they indicated that jurying would take place at the show (those who passed would be offered an application for the next year). It sounded for all the world like everything at the show would be handmade -- it wasn't. There was a ton of "buy/sell", especially a lot of imported, cheap junk. A flea market is a lousy venue for me -- and this show was the most expensive flea market I'll ever do -- you can bet I won't get burned again. At this same show, which was an outdoor event with about 300 vendors and located in streets closed off to vehicle traffic, about 15 of us were put on a street that was a block away from the rest of the show, across a busy highway. We only got a fraction of the foot traffic. One of more irritating aspects of this was the number of empty spaces in the main area of the show -- we easily could have been located where the customers were. At the end of day 1, one of my neighbor vendors spoke to a show organizer suggesting some changes, only to be arbitrarily dismissed. It appeared that once they had our booth fee, they really didn't care whether we were successful or not. Of the 8 vendors we talked to, 7 stated that they wouldn't be back next year -- the one who would was from that town but intended to ask for a different booth space.
And that's why I WRITE!
Premise 2
I have a friend, Gina, who has become a real life sewing mentor of sorts. She helped me learn how to thread Sergio this past January, and she helped me put some cuffs on a project this past month (which I haven't featured yet because of the A-Z challenge theme going on).
ok, it lacked any appeal.
So what’s Matt Haig got to offer?
I don't know why this lower-deck apparition should have reminded me of my first car, which had nothing whatever in common with that Bugatti. But remind me it did, and I was going, for your utter delectation and absolute delight, to post a photo of this car, a 1954 Ford Popular. Most of my photos are stuffed in an envelope. I shook them all out on to the dining room table, but it wasn't there. All I could think of was that at some time or other I'd used it as a bookmark, which is a habit I have with tram tickets, postcards, the occasional letter, receipts and so on. And maybe the odd photo. To find it would mean searching through - oh, I don't know how many books, but the best part of a tidy few. This is quite a bookish household.
We see ODT is voicing its campaign using the word “brand”, despite taking the front page today to push slogans mostly. Hmmph.
through various get together groups in our area.
Things are still going well. There have been some crazy financial issues that have arisen (like my mortgage lender raising my rate $125, which I had removed, by the way!), but I have always been good with money. I feel constantly blessed that I got the job I did because without that opportunity, none of this would be possible. I also feel incredibly blessed to have a mom who is way too overbearingly supportive! :)
~ Mary Elizabeth Coleridge
Heat the oil in a wide, deep pan and add the cumin seeds.
4.Vá se foder
Me: EW Alyssa that’s gross, I don’t want to get you all sweaty.
highlighted hair
Take me, take me, it could have said.
- Leave the leftover vegetable oil and sesame oil in the wok. Add ½ a bowl of water and
Results? Delish!! I would make it again and again.
My favourite YA book ever is probably the Chocolate War. Or maybe I am the Cheese. I’m a big Robert Cormier fan.
Because Linda doesn't live in Toronto Alisa and I
4 cups whole wheat rotini
She has worked in many fields in her life, from fast food waitress to telephone sales. “I always got the seniors on the phone who were lonely and wanted someone to talk to. My boss couldn’t understand why in the world I spent so much time talking to them and not enough time selling. That was when I realized I love people and care deeply about their lives.”
I think Its because they changed what they think of me and I also changed what I think of them.
Because even when you are about to jump out of a plane, you better buckle your seat belt. Safety is key.
HOT FLASHES AND NIGHT AND DAY SWEATS: These are commonly experienced by both men and women. This is due to energy flowing too quickly through the body, hormonal changes, which men have too, and the body learning to adjust to the higher vibratory rate. Some men might experience fat being stored in this area which might feel like they are growing breasts. If you are a man don’t be concerned about this, because this puffiness in the chest area will only last for a short while.
Memories and family mysteries are resurfacing, tied to the "imagination" Tomas was said to have as a small child, where he saw škriatokov and vily - dwarves and fairies - around every corner. While childhood memories are all very amusing, Tomas is finally figuring out the worst bit - it's not his imagination. The woman in the fire dress... isn't all in his head. A vodník IS trying to kill him - for real - and make him live out eternity in his teacup. And bargain though he might, Death - not at all the mythological being he imagined - is coming for someone in his family.
But I also supported a lot of things to help the Puerto Rican economy. Puerto Ricans are United States citizens, and the poverty, the unemployment rates simply are — are simply not something that we as Americans should allow to occur in our country.
Today started early with a 6 am walk. I like getting out early with the sunrise and visiting with all the dogs of the neighbourhood. I think I am the only person who is out without one. My favourite is a beautiful and friendly brown cocker spaniel. His elderly owners would keep me around talking about her forever if I let them.
I found a few things that were so insignificant yet mattered the most
this is my first nomination ever since i’ve started blogging in december, and i’m so honored and happy!
During the 1970s and ‘80s, many South Los Angeles residents were able to make a middle-class living working in manufacturing and aerospace. But those jobs disappeared when those employers closed up shop, resulting in mass layoffs.
Things are more controlled here in Weston. I will celebrate the 10 AM Mass in the community and then walk all the way across the driveway to my room. Later this week I will head to Plymouth for the Triduum and return on Easter Monday.
“They’re our allies, love; you shouldn’t stare. No wait, Night Elves wouldn’t here yet, so stop imagining things and eat your lunch!”
I read a bit of advice once to the effect that if you have several people in a restaurant scene, for example, have all but two characters go to the restroom, tablehop or whatever to get them out of the way. That way you can have both: a big group and a focused discussion.
“Where you might see a difference is in the agenda of the individual members of Congress, what bills they chose to introduce and where they put their energy,” he said.
Four novels and an oncologist's biography of cancer make up the shortlist:
We had to wait one day for a massive cold front to pass through. A severe thunderstorm pummeled northern Virginia with tornados, violent wind, and lightning. Swift Ranger rolled so hard at the dock we kept watch, worried she might be ripped from the pilings.
There's not much happening on my desk today, but I thought I'd show you a few holiday photos.
The worst offender was yet again for the 11th year in a row is, UNICEF -
Yet, I understand from some folks from England that they were also assured that their meat was all right until the government officials could not longer ignore the people who were suffering with this maddening disease. The human form is known as variant Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease (vCJD). The beginning stage is largely one of anxiety, depression and other psychiatric symptoms.
United 93 is being presented as a part of a series. But this picture is an important first step in that it reminds us of the fear and chaos of that day and provides a metaphor for the larger conflict that would define the decade to come.
The Post Card rubber stamp is from Stampin Up and the Carte Postale is from Stempelglede.
Talk about really pointless.
Rio Grande, Argentina
Calories 127.3
the litter bag landing on top of me.
He laments the changes he made to please his growing audience, while still catering to that audience. Crowd pleasing singles like “Change Clothes” though are tempered with the hard-hitting “Dirt Off Your Shoulder”, a masterpiece of the highest order. Over a driving staccato Timbaland beat, the King of New York dismisses his critics with a simple gesture. If you’re feeling like a pimp, go brush your shoulders off. ( Yes, Jay’s frequent use of the n-word does cause my bleeding liberal heart grief, but I cannot dictate what this man says, just how I interpret it.)
4. Dissension between the husband and the wife disrupts the whole family life; they are like oxen unequally yoked, no work can be accomplished for all the striving with one another.
E.S.P.
Living here has been quite the test of endurance for me. I've blogged about some of my favorite episodes, the time I kissed my banker, my lack of understanding of french fashion, the time I realized that Paris streets are perpetually covered in a shit carpet... if dealing with France gracefully were a geographic location and the equator was "normal", I'm pretty sure I'd be sharing space with polar bears.
The above picture is a good example of the hollyhocks potential and acumen. The tree has a little personal space where the mover can't come and this where the hollyhock takes root. In an afternoon I could easily find 100 other examples like this of the limited needs of the hollyhock.
Hey. We're all swimming in this big huge sea of writers, and what helps one, helps the many. I've posted a lot about how hard my struggle has been to get here, how many years I suffered, and how some months, I had trouble paying the bills. I've written a lot about how ecstatic I am that now I am finally, finally, having some success.
was young and full of the first joy of life and action, and I think I got some of it into my pages. When I wrote the last line, I remember that I cried: 'Well, I'll never beat that' and threw the inky pen at the opposite wall." “
Phil Danailovski
by Miriam
After changing into swimming trunks and exiting that room you saw what we called the big pool with depths ranging from around three feet at the shallow end to nine at the deep end where there were two diving boards. One just a few feet above the water and a second high dive for bolder swimmers.
By the way, the main contractor building or updating these camps is Halliburton. Yes, Dick Cheney’s Halliburton. The one that has made more money off the Iraq war than any other corporation and moved their headquarters from Houston to Dubai last year.
Majestic... soaring...gliding wings
10. Hip To Hoo / Doo Doo A Do Do / Trouble Your Money (Shaken & Stirred 1985 Outtake Robert Plant)
is the famous (infamous?)
Be different from the world. Thank God for what you go through. Out of your mess will come a message to bless others.
We are unacceptable; He is excellent..........and He calls us to be like Him."
So… I imagine us going out to dinner somewhere… it’ll be Thursday, August 22nd, 2019. I haven’t given you your real gift yet. I’ll still get you something you want… whatever that might be in 2019 LOL Maybe by then we’ll actually have hoverboards instead of skateboards…
The photos are from a hike that my youngest daughter and I would make on occasion just SE of Boise, ID. We loved walking there, especially in the Spring and Fall. The scenery was amazing, and there is such diversity in the rock and ground there. Even though one might consider Boise to be in the middle of a desert, it can be quite beautiful and even green for a few months of the year.
Bare earth, silken breath of mountains and streams
April 18 Hi-Tone, Memphis TN
The two congressmen also warned that such an action could turn into a back-door bailout for banks holding second liens on enterprise-owned or guaranteed properties.
In September, two of my neighbors and I got to talking about needing some exercise and decided to take it on together. We chose the Couch to 5K program because it seemed manageable (still seems like it ought to be, but never mind), and so we started. (we really need a pic of the 3 of us)
In NYC, opinions on Occupy are pretty divided ( as they seem to be for most of the country), and as they gathered, groups of people would walk by yelling at them.
Every once in a while, it’s a good idea to skim through your inbox and glean some wisdom from the heavy hitters. You can usually figure out why some emails made it to your inbox, whether they got your attention, or if they use a subject line technique that you think is something you can totally replicate. Here on the happy side of my spam filter, my inbox was peppered with goodies like these:
Whether it's Irish or not, it's got more flavor than the usual alternative: green-dyed Miller Lite. Do you really want to drink crap like that? Look, if you don't like stout, Smithwick's is a pretty good amber (and still 4.5%), even the newly reformulated Coors-brewed Killian's is 4.9%, and it is, I'm happy to report, much tastier than it had become in its debased days.
In the second place, writing a review shortly after I read a book/ watch a movie is the best way I know of reflecting on it. It provides a neat little wrap-up to the whole book reading/ movie watching experience, kind of like having to produce one of those book reports that were so ubiquitous, especially in my elementary school days.
Thank you everyone for your kind concern about my pregnancy. My strength and appetite have return. I feel great and started cooking and doing house chores again. The first 4 months I really have no energy to do anything.
After visiting the USA the mission arrived in the UK and arrived in London where they split into smaller groups to visit the cities of Liverpool, Manchester, Glasgow, Edinburgh and finally Newcastle before reconvening in London. On October 21 the party arrived in Newcastle and stayed in The Royal Station Hotel which still operates in the city today. Understandably the arrival of a delegate from the strange and far off land of Japan was more than newsworthy and it was reported by local newspapers;
"Did it work for you?”
I was tempted to go back in again once when had disappeared, but was persuaded by my wife that this might be a bit provocative. So we walk round the exterior of the church and get a good view of its structure. It is so small and homely: in a strange way I almost understand the village lady’s protectiveness towards it against the visitors.
I sat there with my eyes closed unable to contain the sorrow and the guilt. As the day light began to dance on the shimmering water and voices of the village folks began to rise above the silence I gathered some buds and half-opened flowers and made my way to the little pagan temple of the goddess of love, near the village.
So if strange things are happening to you at work, it’s just part of your gang stalking. It’s not your imagination. What you think is happening, is.
Visualising them coming into reality .
These triple cotton bias skirts are what I'll be wearing in lieu of jeans, they are my casual wear.
But her first night at Holbrook, she feels strangely connected to the school and the island it sits on, like she's come home. She's even made her first real friends, but odd things keep happening to them. Every morning they wake on the floors of their dorm rooms with their hands stained red.
Wolfgang Hampel interviewed Betty MacDonald's family and friends and many other famous artists and writers. Wolfgang Hampel is also famous for his satirical poems and stories.
Twenty-three attacks were recorded on the schools during the last semester. Many of the expatriates either quit Bahrain with families or sent their children back home. They think the kids will be safe in the boardings or with their grandparents. Actually, the attacks on the schools were a major scare tactic, as it wasn’t directly aimed at the children. The education ministry organised counselling sessions to get the kids back to school.
they are vexatious to the spirit.
Her team’s results will appear May 2 in the online edition of the journal Nature.
A servant that he bred, thrill'd with remorse,
Holly has a cupcake haven going on, using her expertise in baking and being a foodie she has wowed her community for sure. Holly's cupcakes are her own and the one I am headed there for is the "Copcake"
15 “Can a mother forget the baby at her breast
Rather in the manner of a philosophical treatise, this novel has a foreword, and Mann occupies it by playing with the theme of time. He beseeches his reader to consider the story old, although the setting is quite recent. He takes up this time motif again in the opening passage of the first chapter, as he describes Hans Castorp's trip to Davos. He observes the fungibility (though imperfect) of time and distance, noting that the effect of distance in changing Castorp's preoccupations is similar to the passage of a considerable stretch of time.
Although many people are hesitant to put their home on the market during the winter months, this isn’t always a bad idea. Consider the cost of owning your home for a longer period of time, and weigh them against the benefits of a possible sale during the winter. Your liability for paying annual property taxes will continue to increase as long as your house remains unsold, for example. Winter heating and water bills are the most expensive, so try selling a home before this season.
Coming from the client organization are the CMO and/or marketing director, the advertising manager, the brand manager and assistant brand manager, and maybe someone from upper management.
Similar traumatic events happen in this rural community quite a lot. We discussed another story about a girl who asked during a discussion, “what do you do if you your mother cannot feed you and there is a local boy who offers you food and a bed?”
I want to share with you all how easy and fun it is. So, here we go:
There are a lot of horror RPGs out there and around this time of year is when all the GMs out there start breaking them out. I’ve run more than a few in my day (I ran a whole Ravenloft campaign way back in the day), and I’ve had my mix of successes and failures. By success, of course, I mean the games were actively freaky and frightening. By ‘failure’, I mean everybody merely had the same good time they had during all other RPGs. That’s okay and everything, but let’s face it–if you’re playing or running Call of Cthulhu, you intend for it to be a frightening/thrilling experience.
Prep time: 4h Ingredients for 10 persons
On April 14th 2011, we set out on our biggest adventure ever, sealing the deal in the Sacramento Temple. We cannot even describe what a wonderful day it was. We were sealed at 11:00 am by Jessica's Grandfather, Jay Smith. What a special experience that was! It was so wonderful to have him be the one to say those special words and perform that sacred and wonderful ordinance. The spirit was strong, and there were so many loving faces there to support us. Truly a day that will be treasured for all of time and eternity. Many thanks to two wonderful sets of parents that made all of this possible for us. We couldn't be luckier! Our hearts are full of love and gratitude for them as well as a loving Father in Heaven who led us to each other. We have both experienced many tender mercies in our lives, but this tops all!
I can (and have) spent entire weekends devoted only to watching one particular show, with just a few breaks in between for bathroom breaks and to stock up on food and very minimal sleep. Zero human contact. Sometimes I screw myself over with this habit, like last year when I decided to watch three seasons of The Office the weekend before my final business paper was due. I eventually managed to cram and get my work done, so I’d say it was worth it.
On the first listen I thought there was too much Drapht, and I’m backing away from that now, although I may not bother with tracks 14 and above next time.
In his address in Mangaung, ANC president Jacob Zuma rightly paid tribute to countries in southern Africa and many others as far afield as Cuba and the Nordic countries for the crucial role they played in bringing freedom to South Africa.
I love time at the spa. I love time hangin' with the girlfriends.
All the shapes on this card were cut with Silhouette Studio files - the bunnies, the grass, the clouds. And.... the great thing about this card is you can make it with just cardstock, no patterned paper needed.
Ina May Gaskin: I agree with your take on how the pro-choice movement carried on in a way that allowed a backlash to develop, and I have to say that I saw that coming. When it comes to midwives, though, I think our problems in understanding what has destroyed or weakened women’s confidence in their ability to give birth go much deeper than the pro-choice movement’s lack of acknowledgement that some women regret abortions they’ve had.
“It is fifty-nine seconds too long.”
His lanky stature and handsome face won him many fans and he was reveled as a teen idol during the 60s.
09 As Long As We're Together
Jogging up the aisle, Addison’s hair flew behind her gracefully, her breath coming out in quick bursts. In her nervous state she almost tripped going up the few stairs that led to the altar. She quickly recovered from her clumsiness and made it to Father James’ side. Motioning towards the table in quick hand motions, he seemed to be as nervous as she was. Addison obeyed him, laying down on the table and watching his actions with nervous eyes.
Brilliant as the sun.
We applaud The Daily News’ editorial staff for identifying a critical problem in oversight of animal welfare organizations that we entrust with our dogs and cats, that have a special place in the heart of Americans. But the problem is much more extensive than setting standards for “shelters.”
Nora: "NO WAY! I only will go on the potty TOMORROW! NOT TODAY!!!"
Jackie, her husband and daughter - she also has two sons. Jackie's extremely handsome and talented husband is in advertising and is quite famous for writing one of the most successful ad campaigns "What Happens In Vegas, Stays In Vegas!!!!"
I know that the shimmer in these blushes looks a bit severe in photos, but it is not over the top once you have it on. It adds a nice glow without making you look frosty or glittery. The pigmentation of these blushes are great; the texture is a touch powdery when you apply it and your palette will get a bit messy, but in the end it is worth it as these apply quite nicely.
See them smiling
when it is brought in a jug which is stopped fast, it expels the cork with such a retort, that one thinks a gun has gone off. They like to praise the English beer in the highest, but in my view it is rarely deserving of such praise.” It is mentioned in August von Kotzebue’s play Menschenhass und Reue (though the English rendition as The Stranger just says “Fetch us some ale”), and in 1801 the Jahrbücher der preußischen Monarchie can be found bemoaning that “the brewing trade in the towns has been universally suffering for 50 years due to the consumption of foreign beverages, tea, coffee, wine, Englisch Öl, etc.”
If you or your family is dealing with dementia, Alzheimer’s or memory loss and you need to plan for future care, contact the elder law attorneys at Dutton & Casey. We specialize in developing care plans based on your family’s specific needs and that address the challenges that come with long life, including how to provide and finance long-term care. Visit www.duttonelderlaw.com today or call (312)899-0950 to set up a consultation.
One Nation ....(then he whispered) Under God
$7 for up to 2.5 hours Sun
Fi is writing a blogpost for her (not new, more restored) blog and would love some visitors. So get thee over to www.manic-muse.blogspot.com
Well. I thought I knew just about everything about my horse. I've had him for over 10 years for goodness sakes. But I learned something new. When my horse shuts down mentally because he is afraid, he flies backwards at about 15 mph. Which is a LOT faster than you'd think.
Then last night my friend Allison got to meet Caleb. She didn't want to go alone so I went and pointed him out and then read and walked around and kept myself entertained while they were visiting at Borders. Then the three of us decided it was time for dinner. We went to Freebirds and had fun. I am making an effort to eat healthier this year and I chose the whole wheat tortilla for my burrito bowl. Of course I also had a Shiner. I was feeling at the time like I may need one and was making my friend Kelly laugh in the text messages I was sending her. But I am happy that we had fun and that I am making some good eating choices.
Victor D hosts Jazz on Bush, where smooth jazz lives. Dr Victor takes you a fantastic jazz journey, interviewing artists and playing only the best in international, local (especially that specialCape Townflavour) music
My theme for Kassidy's Birthday Bash is patriotic. I've been wanting to create something using my Grandfather's Army photos from when he was in the Service during WWII.
If the golden age was the mid noughties, when cautious tactics and grit dragged English teams to the top in Europe then I hope you don’t mind if I revel in these lean times. Co-efficient be damned – when you watch a match as a neutral you want entertainment, and Newcastle, Swansea, Everton and Fulham play some good football and can beat the best teams. Stoke’s ugliness stands out in a way it didn’t when Sam Allardyce’s was here, shirt barely containing his ample gut on the touchline.
An inordinate number of Key Westers were awake and on their computers at 6:00am on February 21, 2012. Why? Registration for the 31st Annual 7 Mile Bridge Run went from a mail-in system to an online registration system for the first time in its history. Participants were limited to 1500 and registration opened at 6:00am EST.
Peppermint Rainbow - Walking In Different Circles
What do you think about the next playstation?
- Mango: like Gap with an edge for those of us who have not the spine to wear leggings and hot pink. I dug the little extras, sequins, patterns, etc that didn't provoke my style-challenged insecurities.
Ok, great, if you will just look at my diagram that I have illustrated poorly with stick figures.... You take your right leg.... and put it out to your side, have your other leg at a 25 degree tilt...... so that there is no problem when we start with the whip cream and pudding. Stop talking and pay attention!! This is important, this is why we need your friend Erica!
something to be stifled or hidden. It is 'girlie' and therefore
We all felt very spoilt.
Nothing much has changed in the last 25 years. Whooping cough is still infecting both vaccinated and unvaccinated individuals. There are pertussis increases every four to five years, no matter how high the vaccination rate.32 Many children and adults survive whooping cough disease without complications but some do not. And some doctors in positions of power are still in the business of creating fear and demonizing those, who make informed health choices that do not include use of 16 government recommended vaccines. 33, 34,35
I was a huge stalker of this side for a really long time, now the time of joining has come xD
My advice to men out there: Don’t think about infant potty training.
I like the change in the Linear Motion Battle System, which now allows you to sidestep around opponents. It also uses Chain Capacity, which allows you to chain together attacks. The storyline is great, although you usually can't go too long without them talking about and questioning friendship. (Hence the name I call it.) I am usually interested in the characters and how their personalities clash. (That is why I like to talk about each character individually.) The way the character's in this game react to each other is terrific and often leads to humorous conversations. This shows mostly during optional small cutscenes called skits and after battles.
In other news, I'm currently working on my rankings of the Top 10 albums of 2011. That will be unveiled soon, but rest assured that Cults, Lykke Li and Bon Iver will be on it. I'm also in the process of ranking all 106 bands I saw live in 2011. So far, legends Aretha Franklin and Paul McCartney are topping the list.
Art. III. Sec. 2′s provision that “The judicial Power shall extend to all Cases, in Law and Equity, arising under this Constitution,the Laws of the United States … under their authority”, including “controversies to which the United States shall be a Party….”
What form does ADD take in a person that does not see? Does this, in fact reduce their chances of experiencing the traditional form of sensory overload we are so used to experiencing?
As our religious freedoms come under political attack, it is clear that decades of “reprogramming” has been successfully accomplished right under our heaven-pointed noses. We’ve been silent in the face of violence. We’ve been silent in the face of compromise. We’ve been silent in the face of the slaughter of millions of unborn babies. We’ve been silent too long, my friends. Why? Because we were told our religion was meant to stay within the walls of our local assemblies – within the building. Now, the salt as lost is savor. There is little difference between those of us who call ourselves believers and those who do not.
I used a scrap piece of muslin fabric I had to place it all on.
The other character I really enjoyed in this was Albert Brooks as Bernie Rose, who makes one of the best villains of the year. I like that the film focuses almost as much on him as on Gosling himself. He is an incredible actor and really gives a 110% performance in this movie. He’s a classic Scorsese-styled mobster villain distinguished by a carnal, bloodthirsty performance that rivals anything in the actual Scorsese’s canon with some truly vicious conviction. There’s one scene where he stabs one of his cohorts in the jugular several times in the middle of a café front. Not exactly a guy you want to cross.
the dishes being washed,
Welcome poverty
1 killed
I didn't even try to bargain because every store was so busy O.O
Channel description : SAS/SATA
Of course my partner, my soul mate, keeper of my sanity (what there is left anyway) is my anchor keeping me bound to this side of reality. Without his love and undying support of all aspects of my life I fear I would long ago have been lost to despair and for that I will never be able to thank him enough.
As obedient children, do not conform to the evil desires you had when you lived in ignorance. But just as he who called you is holy, so be holy in all you do; for it is written: "Be holy, because I am holy."
Sage pork sausage links wrapped in bacon.
At its unleashed peak — as first heard on 'Birthday' — Björk's singing communicates an ineffable alloy of mixed-emotions, a mad jumble of astonishment, elation, rapture, dread, awe. Debut is drenched with just this goose-pimple-inducing stuff. The title of 'Violently Happy' captures the Björk effect perfectly: a gush and rush of euphoria, a tidal wave of oceanic feeling. Over the song's brisk house beats, Björk stammers as she struggles to express feelings of excitement so intense she seems on the brink of leaping out of her skin: "I'm driving my car too fast with ecstatic music on/I'm daring people to jump off roofs with me." In the end, she and Mr. Hooper resort to studio wizardry to gesture at inexpressible feelings, sampling one syllable and turning it into a stuttering vocal tic.
Other than losing one’s job, what are the biggest threats to a person’s financial well­being? In reviewing the statistics cited above we learned that 49 percent of all home foreclosures were caused in part by a medical problem and that fully 62 percent of bankruptcies are due to a critical illness. I don’t need a house to fall on me to come to the conclusion that had these people had some form of asset protection against the advent of a critical or chronic illness they might have been able to survive financially.
On May 7th I noted that my employee Tony told me he’d had a dream about Rob. That Rob was quite friendly toward him even though they’d never met and that Rob asked Tony “How’s it going? and Boy! I really screwed up! – nothing I can do about it now!”. Tony and I discussed his dream a bit and it seemed strange to me, but life had been very strange as of late lol!
For some reason I lost my Superwoman outfit
day when Asgoth would come crashing down by the hands of the Light.
How I Heard About It: I was selected as a blog-tour host for this book. A review copy was kindly provided by TLC Book Tours and the publisher.
At 8:30 pm we got ready to leave our house and go to the Sixth Class House in the Junior’s school.
So how does this come together with the opening montage? Well basically Florinda Bolkan’s Macaria character is insane the whole time. Yes, she performs her voodoo-like ritual with the three dolls in the images of the three taunting kids – I told you they where trouble, and they disturbed the grave of her child, hence forcing her to move the dead baby from it’s resting place and have her perform her mumbo jumbo voodoo vengeance. But that’s merely a red herring to toss you off track, just as the trail of village idiot Giuseppe
Chinese herbalists advise against using white peony root when cold-deficiency diarrhea is present.
Heard Him pray, “Forgive them, Father,”
So will you be joining on my little journey? I would love to hear about your experiences. I do increasingly believe in the power of this here little blog and this community who can support each other.
Tuesday, April 3
Here is the blurb from Thursday’s Child:
On top of this my new business cards finally arrived! With them came yet another chance for those new to Moo to save.
QueryShark is free.
But of course like all good things it didn’t last. The enemy fought his way back into my brain and built a new stronghold. The battle has to be won over and over again every day. Some days I just don’t care to fight it. Some days I haven’t got the energy. Some days I don’t see the point in trying. Some days I wish I was dead. Because I feel like I’m dead to the world anyway. I know it isn’t so but I still feel it. Just because I can’t break through the wall so I can reach where I wish to reach. Sometimes I even feel better not trying at all. Those days are the worst. When I think that locking myself away from everything is better than trying to reach it. At least when I don’t try to reach anything or anybody I don’t risk failure. I don’t risk being hurt or disappointed if I don’t reach my high standards or if I simply fail anyway. Yet those days are the days when I hurt the most because giving up without even trying is a worse failure than any other.
Her essence mine, no longer a puppet of her will
It’s a sweet image – if it was being used for a TPB cover of MEPHISTO: EATS A STARSHIP. But as a movie poster … I’m not sure seeing the Enterprise taking a kamikaze run at a giant man’s chin is going to get people excited about seeing this movie.
‘I hope that you feel like justice was served for you today,’ Hawk said. ‘It’s heartbreaking and to say I’m sorry is not enough. But I hope you both have very full and happy lives. Congratulations.’
TEQLT Blog (teqltblog.wordpress.com) is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC and Amazon EU Associates Programmes designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com, amazon.ca, amazon.co.uk, amazon.de, amazon.fr, amazon.it and amazon.es. Certain content that appears on this website comes from Amazon Services LLC and/or Amazon EU. This content is provided “as is” and is subject to change or removal at any time.
I'm now recalling when my devo ministry began...with only six of my precious ministry teammates in drama, growing now to many I don't even know personally. Then Selah the blog was started to expand it further still. Since then, my readers walked with me through screaming toddler tantrums, revelations of being a better wife and homemaker, taking care of aging family members, numerous deaths in the family, tales of schooling my kids at home, major ministry decisions and the fleshing out of my spiritual life, growing from legalism to faith-filled freedom. From my perspective, the spiritual years have flown by too.
We changed the subject and climbed into the back seat for a little hot-loving. Sure does know how to please a man does Rosy Ford.
04 babe it's up to you ?
about anything but pillage, shouting
AVOID THE TEMPTATION to believe that “The grass is greener on the other side of the fence.” We need to stay focused on where we are now, what we are doing now, our present opportunity, our present job, our present activity. We need to be able to make our present responsibilities work, whatever price we have to pay.
His friend the bus driver was very angry indeed at seeing how narrow the tunnel was and had a lot of reversing but as my stepfather said, I was asleep!
Unlisted: Another Founders Gravity Head Ale
Some nights we would wander if in search of adventure, usually ending up at our favorite Korean karaoke place, the Kenny Rogers Music House. A minivan-sized photo of Kenny Rogers enticed customers into the establishment, which on the inside was decorated like a mall's "Santa's workshop" display, except with a good dozen Pokemon statues. This was Korea, and it was awesome.
is the beginning the beginning.
Model of patience
This past weekend I went to a concert that featured some amazing musicians. The bands My Epic and Ascend the Hill have a lot of talent and their songs have great lyrics. What’s even better about these groups is that their hearts are in the right place. After the concert, J.R. & I were talking to the drummer from My Epic and he made a comment about why he’s in the band. It was something to the affect of: ”I’m not in it for the fame, I’m in it to glorify God and spread His word….No matter what you’re doing, whether you’re a plumber or a drummer, do what you do for God. If it’s not for God it means nothing.” Needless to say, he was a cool dude.
The first is theological – honor killings violate one of the most repeated and most emphasized aspects of both the Qur’an and the early histories and biographies of the Prophet (peace be upon him), that it is a sin for a Muslim to kill a fellow Muslim. Because the killing of a Muslim is such a fundamental aspect of early Islamic law – indeed, there are hadith to suggest that it was even considered a sin to kill someone who, in battle, had declared ‘there is no god but God’ for the obvious purpose of saving their own skin – claiming to kill a Muslim because you believe that person is incorrectly practicing their religion ends up being something of a Catch-22: if you are a father, who considers himself a Muslim, who is considering killing your daughter, who you consider enough of a practicing Muslim that you are concerned with her relative level of piety, you should be at least as concerned with the injunctions against killing a Muslim as you are with anything else. Indeed, that these killings sometimes become murder-suicides emphases this point – since killing a fellow Muslim and killing yourself are generally marked in the early Islamic sources as two of the gravest sins, when a person does both I’m inclined to think that either 1.) that person was not as observant as they claimed to be and was acting out of different motivation or 2.) that person was attempting to shoot the moon when it comes to sinning[3].
It looks the part--beautiful spun gold, frothy bead, dense, white head. Softly sweet of palate, with a faintly biscuity maltiness; a slight bubblegum note (phenols), and alcohol warmth drying out in the finish. One criticism: the body is too light; it goes watery just when it should be supporting the heft of the style.
we're shooting for the 26??
Our pumpkin patch is beautiful with its different shapes, colours, and sizes. From Rouge Vif d'Etampes "cinderella" pumpkins, to giants, to carving and to small pie pumpkins. All but the giant pumpkins are edible, and we'll be preserving as much as possible. Seeds for next year, snacks, and the meat for pies, soups, and other undiscovered uses.
Perhaps you recall that at Occidental College – coincident with his grand political plan to fulfill Malcolm’s Dreams – “Barack Obama” insisted that “Barry” be ditched for Barack? A brilliant strategic move indeed. Barry sounds far too close to Bâri′. What if somebody, anybody, from his past, or from the present, or worst of all, in the future, caught on?
Not only did The Life of Pi win the Booker Prize, it's an enjoyable, reasonably challenging read and a good introduction to the idea of the "unreliable narrator."
When you reached for the report a co-worker was handing you, did he snatch them away at the last second and scream “MINE!” while shoving you backwards?
#3 CALORIES IN MUST BE LESS THAN CALORIES OUT. If you are trying to lose weight doesn't matter how you do it, this simple rule applies - ACROSS THE BOARD! Do you know how many calories you consume vs use in a day? Find out. I believe knowledge is power with this one!
People talk about environmental footprints, but the environmental footprints of different groups who make up a population tend to differ dramatically. In California, for instance, within the right-wing of the Sierra Club, and amongst anti-immigrant groups, there’s this belief that a huge tide of immigration from Mexico is destroying the environment, and that all these immigrants are actually responsible for the congestion and the pollution – but that's absurd. Nobody has a smaller environmental footprint, or tends to use public space more intensely, than Latin American immigrants. The real problem is white guys in golf carts out on the hundred and ten golf courses in the Coachella Valley. In other words, one retired white guy my age may be using up a resource base ten, twenty, thirty times the size of a young chicana trying to raise her family in a small apartment in the city.
We didn't tell everyone that I was adopted; close friends and family knew, and it was never kept a secret, but we didn't bring it up to casual acquaintences unless the conversation led there. When someone would say that I had mom's eyes, she and I would share a secret smile. She would say, "yes, she does." In those moments, I could so clearly feel the love between us. It was as if only she and I knew that while I didn't get her eyes genetically, I was so much her daughter that the resemblance was unmistakable just the same.
Dies: Nestabilities (4" circle, 2.5" circle, 4" Scallop Circle, 2" x 4.25" rectangle, 2" x 4.25" Scallop Rectangle)
60. Go to a concert
and don't forget to take your winner's banner from the side bar.
Lesson to be learned…If the water tastes funny, don’t drink it. Sulfer is bad for you.
Drain the tuna. Transfer to a bowl and flake into pieces with your hands. With a fork mix in the beaten eggs, garlic, shallots, tomatoes, parsley, 2 tsp olive oil, bread crumbs. Season with salt and pepper.
DCP Tun Hisan said police were looking for the mastermind.
Simply substitute the word "writer" or "author" where it is mentioned in the book and replace it with whatever profession or business or service you provide. Then follow it, keep at it, mine it, nurture it and your followers will grow and as your followers grow, so will your reputation and thus your business and thus your income.
I believe that it’s important to let students — and working journalists — know about research that speaks to our profession. That’s the central mission of efforts at ACES to encourage and promote research about editing.
He is my everything.. (I love you too Kenny Chesney)
How Many More Times
greeting from the other side
Oh the good old days….
The DOL’s recent decision to withdraw its “updates” to the FLSA yesterday was made in response “to thousands of comments expressing concerns about the effect of the proposed rules on small family-owned farms.” Therefore, instead of revising the FLSA so as to make child labor laws in agricultural and non-agricultural businesses equal as it intended, the DOL announced that it would “work with rural stakeholders — such as the American Farm Bureau Federation, the National Farmers Union, the Future Farmers of America, and 4-H — to develop an educational program to reduce accidents to young workers and promote safer agricultural working practices.”
When I think now about the very first submission letter I sent to an editor back in 1991, I feel a frisson of embarrassment go right down to my typing fingertips. Shall I tell you about it? Oh, all right then. If I must. You'll probably hate me for it, but I can't help that. Warning: there may be footnotes. Indulge me.
By Melissa Lee
A bloke in trouble recounts several stories to a Caliph, surrounding a man who has a gate that you can travel in time through - and meet future or past selves.
Lauren says, "yep, believe it or not, this inky, stamped card *IS* actually MINE... and no one's more surprised than i am! :) but i was inspired AND educated by this card and video of jennifer mcguire's to try out the "emboss/resist" technique and found it surprisingly easy and fun! i've also pressure-embossed my acrylic letters and snowflakes with a cuttlebug folder, to add a subtle-- but rather lovely-- extra bit of texture."
Well, yes, the real life ones are. Yes. Hamble, the bridge across the river, the Menai Straits, the pier at Bangor … and a certain little blue ford fiesta that used to belong to my son, later driven by my daughter, was called Binky. She didn’t have quite the same adventures as Binky in the story, though.
Charles Lloyd-Baker
So far, as expected. Rising mineral prices appear to be driving a desire to mine.
b) 12
You were broken that I might be healed
And just because I want something on here that makes me happy, here are two pictures that make me smile:
When you search in your WordPress blog, your search results are listed chronologically. Not by “most likely”, “most popular”, “most frequent use of the phrase”, or even alphabetically, just by date. And the chronological order runs from most recent to oldest. If the most likely post to provide the information the user is searching for is older, they will have to scroll towards the end of the list to find the most likely candidate for information. What are the odds they will, huh? This frustrates me no end.
I feel compelled to mention here that I only read the L.O.T.R. saga when the first movie was due to come out. Of course I loved all the books, but there were times when I found myself yelling, “Stop singing already and just get up the damn mountain!” I don’t know what that means now and I’m afraid to read them again, so we’ll just assume I had a reason for yelling such things at the books.
Carl John Bedigian, 35, New York, N.Y.
July 12 Washington DC Verizon Center
Daughter asked to learn about China today. We got out a book about China and started reading. It is one of those that goes through the alphabet and talks about something related to China for every letter. Page one of the book took us to the globe to see China's location. Talk changed to Daughter saying " It must be summer in China because it is winter here". To the globe we go with a laser pointer. She sees the different spot sizes depending on where the laser pointer shines - northern hemisphere, equatorial region, or southern hemisphere. She decides that winter in Maryland happens at the same time as summer in Chile, but China has the same season as we do.
Aren't they gorgeous?
575 D-V/31/1968. “A Guide to Contemporary Greece, Especially for Greek-Americans,” Interview by John Anastaplo, WJOB-Radio, Hammond, Indiana.
This pin said to cut up letters from different places and put them in a box for your children to use to spell messages. Last time I checked that was called a ransom note.
I have been giving considerable thought lately to the administration of authority. I have been grieved by some of the things I have seen done in it’s name, and have been pondering questions and Scriptures. What is a healthy expression of authority? How is it that Scriptures are employed to back up practices or systems that are clearly abusive? Where is the balance between boundaries and anarchy? How can Truth be proclaimed to set captives free from both slavery and rebellion?
I love Chicken Pot Pie and Chicken and Rice because they are delicious one dish suppers. I also love them because they involve just one chicken. Yes, I said ONE chicken! I buy a whole Publix Greenwise chicken because I think it has lots of good chicken flavor. I know it's a little more expensive that a standard whole chicken, but I think the flavor is worth it.
for granted, you take
Everywhere I go, I can never resist climbing to some high point to see a view. These steps in Geoje-do, South Korea represent the journey as discovery, as awakening. They seem hopeful and represent for me the possibilities that a journey holds.
Two days later Judd reached the site of the floating lab, but if it was still intact it had definitely sunk into the sea, beyond his reach. The detachable snake dock was missing, ripped from its moorings and now the sooty waves crashed onto the steps that climbed down into the water.
It’s a fine line to walk. It’s a line that, at the time of writing (late Thursday night) Josep “Pep” Guardiola is mentally walking. It’s well known that the Barcelona manager only commits to a rolling yearly deal and so this is a decision he makes every season. However, the important thing to remember is that in every other season he has made the decision by now. Here we are in April and Guardiola’s prospective contract remains unsigned. La Liga is all but over, the title destined for the Bernebeu and their hated rivals Real Madrid, Barca were dumped out of the Champions League by Chelsea and now have only the Copa del rey to play for, against Athletic Bilbao.
So, I got me a little mini makeover for now. I have a challenge on my hands on how to make this space a little more comfortable while spending zero money on a headboard alternative. I have found a few cute ideas out there, that I will likely be posting soon, do you have any free/diy headboard ideas?
On new drama of KBS “Bridal Mask” will be air on 30th May, Shin Hyun Joon takes the role of brother of Lee Kang To (Joo Won’s role) named Kang San. Recently, the image of the fool on the the village has just been released. The image of Shin Hyun Joon with bright smile, playing games with other kids on the village, his age was stopped, now he just like a kid.
My dear friends Monique Duveau, food critic and style editor at Cote Sud, and artist Jose Esteves have introduced me to their favorite restaurants, numerous memorable diners that still tease my taste buds.
(Nip/Tuck S6E08, Flapjack S2E13A) 2 videos in a row with characters unexpectedly being depicted as very fat–fatter than they usually are. (Kimber, Bubbie.)
"fuck off. But you do remember right?"
To make the HEA possible, the couple involved in the sex scene has to achieve communication. That two-way flow of emotional understanding is the essence of Love and of Happiness. "When I tell him how I feel, he knows what I mean." That's erotica. It arouses the hope of fulfillment on a soul-level.
Banner stamp – waltzing mouse
I pray you enjoy the holiday season!!!!!!! Eat well, drink well, and love well!!!!!!!! And whatever you do, look within to find the vision that God has deposited in your heart. He placed it there for you to see your greatest potential!!!!!!
I chatted with Jake across the room, asking how Jack was (he was perfect). I really wanted blue Gatorade to drink. They brought Jack back to my arms and Jake and I stared at the amazing little creature that we created. WOW. They took Jack to the nursery to assess him, which I was not happy about- I didn’t want to be away from my baby
Amarys is fourteen months! Nutty. In fact, I call Amarys 'Peanutty' and 'Peanut Butter' as variations of 'Peanut' all the time, so it is appropriate that it feels nutty that she is growing in leaps and bounds. Dudes, she's growing up at warp speed~the more kids I have, the faster it goes... I just love her so much. Which shouldn't surprise me anymore, since I love all my kids so much, but it really does feel astonishing that I can hold so much love for another being inside me, and not split open and die. Multiplied by four. How is there room in me for so much love?
3nos Curry leaves
Yuh could bring it in a bottle,
Today we headed over to Derek's parents' house to celebrate his mom's birthday. We went out for Chinese food which actually turned out to be a really good restaurant choice for me. I had steamed shrimp and broccoli. Ok, I did dip my fork into the hoisin sauce a few times, but considering that possible teaspoon amount of sugar is all I have had four days, I'd say I'm doing quite well. Yay me!
Bet U Wish U Had Me Back
it is late
Actual Inventory 99.5
Credit: Portrait of Ulysses S. Grant by Emanuel Gottlieb Leutze
So electric is fantastic? Recent figures suggest that only 1,000 car buyers claimed the grant for electric cars last year, but it looks like the grant for the vans, when combined with affordable vehicles, could make you think twice.
2. the US military and CIA members who undertook the task of getting rid of him,
Not all of the impulsiveness is going to be pretty, or sweet, or fun. Mars is approaching a clash with the nodes of the Moon, which represent the path to the future, on one end, and instinctual, past behaviors on the other. This clash will dislodge more angry bursts from masculine forces attempting to drag the collective back decades. (Mars is moving into a showdown with Chiron, too, so a lot of wounds are getting salted and irritated.) On a personal level, watch for situations to impel you (not compel — you have a choice) to ditch old ways and step into ones that can carry you into the future. Healthier habits, healthier eating, healthier boundaries, healthier thought patterns, more efficient systems — those are just a few ideas of where the pressure’s heading.
She drinks to forget how lonely she is
So the worst kept secret in football is out; Lukas Podolski has signed for Arsenal and there is an optimism that he will be the first high quality signing that the club makes this summer. That Arsène wanted a goalscorer can be interpreted in many ways and is being so. His comments about over-reliance on the best centre-forward in the world hinted that he would look to redress the balance in the team for next season, a more fluid goalscoring threat. With Theo Walcott improving his productivity, scoring is going to be more evenly spread. Or so the theory goes; practice may be altogether more different but history will be the judge of that.
It is here with emptiness and atonement
I’m sure by now you all have noticed that I didn’t post the sixth issue of RetroRewind dealing with Leisure Suit Larry 6: Shape Up or Slip Out. Why is that you might ask? Well I became extremely busy dealing with real life stuff and while I was able to finish the game; I was not able to write-up a review. This Monday is my wife and my one-year wedding anniversary, and tomorrow we leave for a trip to Disneyland; which also happens to be where our wedding took place. (At the Disneyland Hotel, not in the park mind you.) I will finish the RetroRewind series during this trip, but probably only releasing the last two parts over the whole trip in some fashion. No matter how awesome you all are, the simple truth is that my wife is far more awesome. That also is proven by the fact that she is going to drive the last third of the journey to California tomorrow so that I can write a review and maybe play a bit of Leisure Suit Larry: Love for Sail. So look forward to that.
Today dark, hanging clouds
“Dear Mommy, I love you as much as you love me. You make me sooooo happy. Love, Izzy and Corban.”
"It was a huge mistake. It was Mutassim's idea. There were about 45 vehicles, 160-180 men, some of them were wounded," said Daou.
7. The present law making assisted suicide and euthanasia illegal is clear and right and does not need changing. The penalties it holds in reserve act as a strong deterrent to exploitation and abuse whilst giving discretion to prosecutors and judges in hard cases.
The City of Fayetteville reserves the right to request additional information as needed to process this application.
Obama is a partisan president, while Bibi is the leader of the largest national unity coalition in the history of Israel. Netanyahu has the support of most of the country behind him for whatever he may need to do. Obama may have hoped he’d be facing a weaker Bibi after November, there’s no chance of that now.
There's many things I wish I didn't do
Any books that we don’t sell on the day of the jubilee event will be passed to be sold in the Severn Hospice Charity Shops so those books can benefit the communities there.
Bio-Oil $2/1
The Time Lords accept that that their is evil in the universe that must be fought and that the Doctor still has a part to play in that battle and noting the Doctor's interest in the planet Earth decide to exile him there in the 20st century until they deem proper, and for that period the secret of the TARDIS will be taken from him. The final part of his sentence is that he must charge his appearance once more. They show him options for his new appearance. The Doctor protests and refuses the options as too old, too young, too fat, too thin. The Time Lords tell him the decision will be made for him, he is sent spinning away and we say a tearful farewell to the second Doctor and Patrick Troughton.
All the three are dark golden in colour, pouring with a nice head. Of the three Hanssens had the least persistent head. Hanssens also distinguished itself as not quite as dry as the other two, maybe the colour was even a touch darker as well.
Melissa Gilbert & Maksim Chmerkovskiy – Paso Doble
The wife saw these pics I took of myself yesterday just now and she is like
now in her mid-thirties but remarkably ageless. We're sitting in a
Belt: Blanco
The book was cobbled together from a series of five sermons Carson preached at the 2008 Resurgence Conference at Mars Hill Church in Seattle, Washington. I’m willing to bet that these five sermons were actually written down in other books that Carson has written at some point in the past (many of his illustrations have been used elsewhere). If anything positive can be said about the book it is that Carson is at least consistent: He hasn’t said anything new since I started reading his work twenty years ago. That is what makes the work a rather tedious and hum-drum affair for me.
Doreen gave a glowing report on ADAA (All dolls are Art) the conference in Austin. Next year it is July 26-29th. She took a class with Lisa Renner and Cindi Mahlstadt.
www.PixieVacations.com
Can you imagine a church in which every single person who walked through the door was welcomed as a member, already fully qualified to begin fully participating? Can you imagine a church in which the leaders understood themselves not as “gatekeepers” who serve by making sure things don’t get out of hand but, instead, as facilitators of the unleashing of everyone’s fullest potential? Can you imagine a church based on such radical trust?
Granite Aviation is in advanced talks with IAG over the sale of the division for about £20m.
When you choose a Ryobi sander, you are expecting to get one of the best sanders on the market. From an ergonomic design to a powerful motor, Ryobi sander tools provide you with uniform performance and time saving innovations. They are competitively priced with other brands, and have gained a considerable foothold in the various fields of construction, owing to the durable design and superior workmanship.
They tell you that English is too difficult to learn and that standards must be lowered. They tell you that blacks who speak correct English are traitors trying to be white. They tell you that despite the fact that showing proper ID is required to board an airplane and a gazillion other things, requiring ID to vote will disenfranchise blacks. Thus, their message is that blacks are too stupid to acquire ID...
A few years ago I was a summer intern for a literary agency in London. In the midst of reading the slush pile and going to the post office, I had the good fortune to meet a few of the agency's authors. One of them was the brilliant, inspiring and kind Hisham Matar. His debut novel In the Country of Men was shortlisted for the Booker prize in 2006 and it was in the process of being translated into 28 languages. Hisham said some lovely things about my own writing (I had written a manuscript report for an author friend of his), invited me to lunch along with the agents at his new writing studio, and even got me a book for my birthday (What is Britishness?, in case you were wondering).
Murder is an external sin. It is obvious and visible. It is easy to condemn the murderer. But Jesus tells us to take care less we even have a seething anger against another. Our anger can be visible or invisible. It matters not; we have the seeds of murder in our heart, and we had best uproot them by the Father’s grace. And so Jesus teaches about a life lived and judged by attitudes in the heart. There is nothing here by which we can judge others. We can only take His words, and by the illumination of the Holy Spirit, judge our own lives and move to change.
But a cluster containing night’s darkness and blood-dripping wounds,
The moment a single European voice, such as Geert Wilders' is raised against what is being done to us and our European brothers across our continent, he is banned from our shores (albeit that may be reversed if in dawns on David Silly-Bland that was a tactical error). Yet a days before a Muslim Peer makes a totally undemocratic threat and our legislators fawningly and instantly submit.
Viva Decor Pearl Pens are back in stock. We ordered extra of the white as that seems to be a favorite and remember this will be great to use on your Christmas cards.
Cardstock: Riding Hood Red, Vanilla, SU DSP
caught in a fire that consumes all
CRAP… I just noticed I wrote march 18.. which would have been the day after Saint Patrick’s day which was around my last time I posted here before today… My Mind’s is all F’d UP… and I just noticed this as I was copying the links and freaked out with the mistake.. Ohh well at least You know they were BOTH made today.. FML… and as you heard on these recordings i am expected elsewhere and do not have time to re record or try and figure out how to redo the title as the title is in the link…
I guess I need you, baby
There is a predatory element among the newcomers and they see us differently from the way they look at their own people, so they do not feel guilty about exploiting us. They view us in a similar way to how we viewed them when we went into their countries: as pushovers and a source of advantage.
Seek a ‘YES ‘ in their ‘NO’
"Where are you going?"
A1a Do You Know Where '1' Is?
When someone's rescitation of a movie scene/quote takes more than 10 seconds, they have crossed an important social line (READ: and deserve a swift smack in the head).
Finding something you love sounds easy. Many websites, books and personal coaches make attempts at coaching you along the path to happiness by “doing something you love”. I have attended seminars, read books, cruised the web in search of the formula to finding something I love. I think I have been somewhat successful using the lists, formulas, etc that I came away with. But, what I have found is that letting go of the something leads you to the love.
Author’s info:
And finally, on the wall between the pantry and the bedroom is a gallery wall. I took frames I already had and painted them black, so this was a cheap project!
The problem with this is that most smartphone users don’t pay enough attention to the permissions they are granting apps they download to their smartphones and tablets. Even the best known apps request permission to access and upload your contacts, email and text messages.
He said another newspaper had published comments which he had asked not to be made public.
I can see, though, the temptation, and fear, in being a cork. I had never had anyone care for me so, and the warmth of that love, and the security of someone else helping me navigate this storm, was….indescribable. To not be so completely, alone.
I wrote early in the year about my daily art project for 2012: every day I hand-stitch a design onto a four-inch square of solid-color cotton. A third of the way through the year already, and I'm pleased to report that I'm still having fun (the most important thing in a daily project, because it would be grim to have to slog through 240 days of something you don't enjoy, and equally grim to abandon your resolution).
He put me down for being vegetarian and mocked my passion for obtaining higher education. And yes, he proposed in a sort of “Let’s get married and you can work full-time to support me and my kids,” sort of way.
Monday, Laz and I participated in the 10man Alt Run. Tuesday, it was a run through the LFR system. Wednesday and Thursday were 25man BH and Undying Resolution’s regular 25man runs.
Modern cities rely on sewers, water pipes, gas lines, rail lines, gasoline storage, bridges, roads, freeways and their overpasses to be there. 9 oil refineries were damaged beyond repair. Roads, rail lines, bridges and pipes were moved 20 feet which brought civilization to a rapid halt. Most food spoiled in the first few days after each of the 4 quakes. The loss of refrigeration was a serious blow to the supply of food but far worse was the series of 15 nuclear meltdowns. Food production was irradiated. The President of the United States had to declare a ban on the exporting of food. But many countries had already declared a ban on all imports of American food until the situation of food safety could be properly evaluated. Food prices worldwide soared causing famines, riots and revolutions throughout the world.
My name is Lucia (pronounced Lu-See-Ah…the Spanish way, not the Italian way!) and I’m a 17-year-old girl from Beijing. Now I live in the suburbs of Detroit, where I run cross country, watch soccer matches religiously, and read way too many historical romances. (They’re my guilty pleasure!)
Perhaps the mystery is the difference,
Since I arrived in DC, a number of residents (some not American) have said to me that Halloween is their favourite holiday. I was never really sure how to take this, given that I had always expected that the more “iconic” holidays (Thanksgiving and Christmas) would be at the top of the list. I mean, traditionally, no one gives gifts on Halloween; there’s no big feast with friends and family; no epic games of corn hole and such like. It’s a holiday based on ghouliest and ghosties and long-leggedy beasties, and whole whack of bloody corn syrup. And candy, of course. As such, I always pegged it as a more minor holiday and one mostly for kids. Boy, was I wrong!!
You reached out your hands
Another question out there, more immediate at the moment, is Iraq. "Should we stay in Iraq or should we get out?"
The neurologist ordered a CAT scan and did some tests. There was significant brain damage, but as of Saturday morning the neurologist wanted to give it another 24 hours before passing judgment.
In reference to the much discussed closing sequence, the film’s production notes allude to a ‘tsunami of vomit’. That’s possibly the first time the words ‘tsunami’ and’vomit’ have appeared together in the same sentence. That’s probably a good thing.
Many of our contemporary winter holiday traditions derive from Saturnalia’s pagan roots, including the hanging of wreaths and garlands, donations to the needy, prayers for peace, time off work to be enjoyed with family, and of course eating, drinking and merriment.
15/08 11:40 M 100 Metres Heats
Stuart
In Greek myths, this is the part where the hero emerges from the Underworld. He is the same, but different. His journey has changed him forever. Mattie almost dies but is brought back by Rooster Cogburn’s almost superhuman effort. Rango is reborn as sheriff and takes on the name he gave himself: Rango. P.K. realises who he really is.
Vermilion Boys Tennis improved to 7-1 and 3-0 in the conference with a 4-1 victory over Avon. Both Boys JV and Varsity will play home against Amherst tonight.
There is only one Chinatown in South Korea, being at Incheon, where there once was a large Chinese community until the oppressive and discriminatory policies brought in during the 1960s/70s which limited foreign ownership of property, targetting the Chinese minority then, which led to an exodus of Chinese to the US and Taiwan.
That pesky invisible zipper was put in several times before I gave up and basted it in by hand. I never get why some zippers go in really smoothly without much effort while others have me pulling my hair out.
While the number of Labour first preferences in wards dipped somewhat from their regional showing for Holyrood in 2007 (down 2,555), the SNP first preference vote in the local elections was 9,647 lower than their regional vote, and a massive 35,208 votes behind Labour's collection of first preferences across Glasgow.
So this year I’m going to try to make a real effort to see some of these ancient monuments. This isn’t a travel blog, but that’s fine. The ancient castles and buildings have been part of the landscape for hundreds of years and in many cases have had a major impact upon the rural economy and surrounding countryside. That, and those moody battlements and damp dungeons, is what interests me.
For a while, I thought there were only two products with a taste typical of gin (rather than genever or juniper spirit) that had such a protection:***
1 Tbs. chopped chives
Eating yummy homemade birthday cake with friends and family.
Jodie says ... My name is Jodie Mackrell, I am a WAHM of 5 from Saskatchewan , Canada. I have been drawing for about 8 years now and started Bugaboo stamps about 8 months ago and loving it! The store has a variety of images from cutesy to sassy ladies. Everyone's favorite seeming to be Stella. The best thing I love about creating digi stamps is making people smile.
This sounds like one of those adverts in the back of a newspaper: 'Do you want to know how to write a bestseller?' I did, so I read The Hunger Games with an eye to how it works.
You’re the Top – Rachel plush her Dads plus a piano? Dinner theatre classic!
(Text Box comment Page 6)
10 December: I get a call congratulating me on my phone. Tell me about plans for my usage. Then when I said the network drops, am told the issue is with the card and I would receive a brand new one by Tuesday that week. She would also call me on Wednesday to follow up and find out if it worked fine?!
In my story, none of the animals is too sick to survive. Lauren is able to save all of them, even though they’re taken into custody by LA Animal Services, a public system where overcrowding can result in euthanasia. But even though Lauren doesn’t have room for them all, she has friends running other private shelters, so every one of the animals is picked up and taken to those shelters till they can be adopted.
- Fruit Amuse of Pluot, Asian Pear, Currant, Wild Flower Honey @ Home
Don’t worry… If I could travel back in time, I’d smack my uneducated self…
I'm so bored of saying hello everytime, I think I'll say: Hoooooooooyaaaa wonderful people. Anyhow, you know how I've not done an outfit post in a really long time and I felt like I had to get out of my lazy mood and shoot one. However I've been really sick for the past two days Fever, headache and all that crap. On the bright side I've been writing a lot and I'm really glad its been appreciated.
Raja Petra charged that Anwar’s performance as Selangor Economic Advisor has been unimpressive, and that he spent too much time going overseas for functions and lectures at universities.
I am looking forward to read your comments!
01. Real Terror feat. Mobonix
Level 16: STR: +48, Increases your attack speed.
I will never be able to download anything off the internet if I become a lawyer! NEVER EVER again.
“Can I speak to Master Vallore?” Addison narrowed her eyes on her fingernail as she picked at it, not able to sit still.
Now, I’ve noticed the trend for science fiction stories to end on an upnote before. The one most consistent thing I’ve gleaned from reading the Writers of the Future anthology is that the vast, vast majority of scifi stories end in victory of some kind – occasionally bittersweet, but consistently upbeat in some fashion. This note on my rejection letter left me wondering ‘is this a thing?’
First, these audiences are precisely the ones that most need to be shown that poetry — and for that matter, literature, self-expression, black identity and life in general — exist outside of a hip hop vacuum. Using a rapper, even a backpack rapper, as the means of reaching out to these audiences only reinforces the very provincialism the White House is supposedly seeking to counter.
And now, I’m back and it’s good to be back… Well recently, I just celebrated my sixteenth birthday last March 18. It’s disappointing not to celebrate it here with you. But gladly, I celebrated the day with my loved ones.
He is in his mid-50s, 6’2, blue eyed, white bearded; jutting jaw and carved cheeks, lean-waist. He has a full head of wavy graying hair, nautically coiffed for an ocean going, salt-flecked sailing.
That kind of thinking led to our escalated involvement in Vietnam. Yes, I know there was a Cold War going on ... but after Korea we should have known better to avoid a land war in Asia. I can't believe that Nixon would have made the same mistake in the early 1960s. Ironically, Nixon's later not extricating us fast enough from Vietnam led to his domestic downfall in the 1970s. LBJ deserves most of the blame here -- he escalated Vietnam greatly in 1964 -1967 for domestic political reasons -- he feared a challenge from RFK for being too soft.
12 tbsp softened
5. How tidy are you?
And on the wet grey day that today has turned out to be I enjoyed playing around creating a seasonal background for them with our pumpkins waiting to be carved and a few faded blooms from the drippy garden............
Whitewater Rafting
Ink: PTI Hawaiian Shores, Berry Sorbet, New Leaf
but sometimes my baths are worse for me. they get me all kinds of anxious and gets my mind spinning more and more.
Royal Thunder’s CVI will be streaming in its entirely via AOL Spinner beginning May 21 for one week.
This is the only DJ block I've finished in a while, but I'm hoping to do more this weekend. Again, blurry photo. (I'm sure it's the camera and not the operator!)
“Reggie has been on our radar since the beginning of free agency and is a player we think can come in and compete at safety,” general manager Marty Hurney said. “We brought him in for a visit Tuesday and it worked out. He is another player we’ve added to increase the competition.”
S Beam is like the NFC-based Android Beam, but also works with Wi-Fi Direct for sending large files.
We toured the school after hanging out for most of the morning with nothing in particular to do. We were invited by admissions to eat in the dining hall for $7.50 each, which we did. We sat amongst students and faculty eating, and noticed a variety of seating options that we had not seen before: single tables, like desks, in long rows that swivel toward a giant TV screen, and long and round, tall bar tables and seats placed in different areas around the cheerful and new dining hall. I ate a Mongolian stir-fry, new and popular campus cuisine (it was also touted at F&M) and the kids ate pizza as part of their survey of to find which campus has the best. F&M is currently in the lead but Juniata is not in the running as we did not lunch on campus there.
Just how do I know this? Well mostly because it’s Kathi. And also because she has started with a bang and I mean a bang!
In November last year it was being reported in The Star that South African hospitals are becoming places for dying -- instead of healing. In June this year, it was reported that our cemeteries were filling up so rapidly that upright funerals were being contemplated to save space. Still, Aids is not being spoken about at our funerals, and the silence and utterly unscientific public statements about HIV-Aids from Mbeki's continue unabated while our people are dying.
Some who're far and some who're near.
6.) Do you choose to see the best or the worst in people? Why?
The first cane stroke or two were normal. Painful, scary, but not too bad. The truth is, for some reason, ever since we moved in together, the cane had not been hurting like it had in the past, So I wasn't as horrified as I possibly should have been.
“So are you going to follow me to get sushi or are you going to suck my cock?” he asks as he’s unzipping his fly.
MaMa Phyllis…the greatest Grandma I could have ever asked for. I love and miss her.
1/4 cup gluten-free tamari
Did not cost more than $200, so everyone should be able to afford it. If you were on the list and allowed to buy that is.
Thomas Sowell is a Fellow at the Hoover Institution at Stanford University in Palo Alto, California. Like Prof. Williams, he is an economist and a widely published columnist; and like him, has been critical of race-based policy, such as affirmative action. Prof. Sowell began in rural North Carolina, moving to Harlem at the age of 17. Initially a high school dropout, he supported himself at various jobs, eventually landing a position with the federal government. Following service in the Korean War, he got his GED and studied economics at various institutions, culminating with a Ph.D. in economics from the University of Chicago in 1959. During the 1950s, he acknowledged that he was a Marxist, a position he later rejected when he performed a study of the impact minimum wage laws and found that higher minimum wages reduced employment.
My vehicle was able to take a brief tour off Crazy Avenue as I put on the hat of mommy. I surprised the princess by bringing a special guest to see her receive her awards, Nana – the woman who took care of her from 6 months old to kindergarten. The smile that crossed the princess face when she saw Nana , reminded me how important this detour was even if only for an hour.
Sleep, sleep, sleep. And more sleep. What day is it? I am so off of a schedule right now that I am like a newborn. I sleep during the day and am tossing and turning all night.
The downside of that connection is that if the product or service is not up to your expectation, then you are vastly more disappointed.
Automakers, including General Motors Co and Ford Motor Co, said they are monitoring the situation, but no production has been cut so far. Neither of the top two U.S. automakers forecast whether production would have to be cut just as the U.S. spring selling season hits high gear.
“A bit,” she said as she wiped away some more blood from her client.
On to the peanut stand. We’d brought our store-bought dry-roasted peanuts to be ground into peanut butter, but the store sells several varieties of raw peanuts as well as unshelled peanuts, and their own peanut butter (which has sugar and other added ingredients). The man poured our peanuts into the first electric grinder and put them through at least twice. Then he transferred it to a finer grinder, oozing pure peanut butter into our Tupperware bowl. It made a great snack when we got home.
Be encouraged. God is our Deliverer and He can remove all strongholds from our lives. Cry out to God. Call on the name of Jesus. Starve the flesh. Starve what feeds lust. Fast to beat down the flesh. Fill idle time with productivity. Let your love for God outshine your flesh’s desire to sin. Pray and ask God to renew your mind, daily. It is extremely important that He erases the perverted imagines printed in the mind of individuals struggling with masturbation. Deliverance is real and it can be done. Some days you may win with the help of Christ and some days you may feel like you lost without Him. Remember that overcoming any struggle is impossible if we approach it by trying to fight it with our own strength. Ask God to take porn and masturbation from you and mean it as genuinely as you can. Trust in His power. Believe in His truth.
I like to have physical props for my players to fiddle with, and one of the ones I've created over the years was this treasure map which I made to go with the opening of a low-level campaign I ran once.
Stanford University
Philadelpia definitely has it's charms though and it's got great beer places to make it worth visting at least once. The last time I went through Philly I made a point to stop by Monk's Cafe, it was awesome. I had a pot of mussels cooked in sour ale and they had Pliny the Younger on tap. It was cool to say I've had Pliny the Younger but it really didn't taste much different than the Elder, I honestly enjoyed the pint of Allagash White I got a lot more with the mussels. I hear DC has plenty of great beer spots too, but I haven't spent any time there just yet.
I'm sure many of you have heard about the OCCUPY events that are going on - all the (hopefully) peaceful demonstrations and such springing up all over the nation inspired by OCCUPY WALL STREET.
Kyle Skipworth FLA H
Dora: “Where is he?”
As the team get to grips with the new exhaust regulations and start to develop more downforce, potentially some of these solutions could return. So any reappearance will tell us a story of development and aero load figures in 2012.
Our new challenge (set by Caro) will go live at 6pm tonight so please come and join us then.
(These are my jars, which are now sitting on my kitchen counter.... aren't they purty?!?!)
The Boers developed into a culture / people long before the Cape Dutch descended Cape based Afrikaners came along a decided that they were a people called Afrikaners who would later co-opt the Boers to a certain extent within a political context. The Boers have been overshadowed by the Afrikaners for the past 100 years due to the fact that the Cape Dutch descended Afrikaners inherited the macro State of South Africa as created by the British marginalizing the Boer people in the process due to their smaller numbers. The Boers are obscured by the fact that they are often represented by Afrikaners & their agendas therefore the Boers are often not represented by Boers or as Boer people due to the erroneous Afrikaner claim over all of the White Afrikaans speaking peoples culminating in the Afrikaner appropriation of Boer heritage which stemmed from political developments during the 1930s. Afrikaner organizations even attempt to prevent Boers from congregating at or inheriting their own cultural monuments. The Boers therefore have not only been colonized by the British in the past but are in fact colonized also by the Afrikaners as well.
In Norway, multicultural Muslim immigration has not been working out so well for local women….. if, public safety is considered an important measure.
Lesson #1: If the agent has read the same scene twenty times before, it's not The Best Thing Ever.
Dogfish Head Theobroma is apparently “based on chemical analysis of pottery fragments found in Honduras which revealed the earliest known alcoholic chocolate drink used by early civilizations to toast special occasions”. The ingredients are strange indeed, including, cocoa powder, cocoa nibs, honey, chillies, and annatto.
MYEOV Blog (myeovblog.wordpress.com) is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC and Amazon EU Associates Programmes designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com, amazon.ca, amazon.co.uk, amazon.de, amazon.fr, amazon.it and amazon.es. Certain content that appears on this website comes from Amazon Services LLC and/or Amazon EU. This content is provided “as is” and is subject to change or removal at any time.
And while he adores fairly dark movies like Labyrinth, Pirates of the Carribean, and Jim Henson's The Storyteller, he was terrified by a seemingly innocuous picture book retelling of little red riding hood entitled Little Red Cowboy Hat.
I also checked the settings on both devices. Most importantly, I checked the setting to prevent photos from uploading immediately. I wanted to let my boy try taking some pictures but I didn’t want the pictures to upload if the photos weren’t acceptable.
QPR have not got a hope either, purely on their fixture run in:
The answer is simple: Riding without stirrups is hard. It requires a degree of concentration, of control, and of determination that we as riders don’t necessarily have to supply to our daily training when our feet are securely positioned in our stirrups. (And let’s not even talk about the challenge of posting with no stirrups to push away from!)
ELLA offers two fragrances that were created by ELLA's founder, Elinros Lindal, and experts in Grasse, France, and are mixed in the north of Iceland. Icelandic women have embraced both and so have women around the globe, as they have been featured in various beauty sections of newspapers and magazines. Later this year, ELLA is launching the third fragrance, called V, which Elinros created with the legendary perfumer Pierre Bourdon.
It worked out really well.
How to develop independent rational thought. Sensei Auger:
Speaking of vaguely creepy, this has got to be the eeriest and least textually convincing version of "You Can Make It If You Try" ever laid down. Sounds like the aforementioned Ike Turner's "Sinner's Dream" or something.
What traditions do you have?
The Dark Horse, long discounted for selling more expensive metal bottles, was poised for a charge. Sigg, a longtime manufacturer of metal contrivances, began having great success with its water bottle line. These bottles were non-carcinogenic, and cruelty free. They're a bit hard to clean though.
The second reading of the bill was approved by a 10-0 vote with five absent members on Thursday afternoon.
As I’ve said, this is pure “experimental”, cos there will be:
Yesterday at the bodega my super-friend who works there, George, I said, “George the weather is gorgeous!” He said, “Lady, (because I think that he thinks my name is Lady,as they always call me that,they are always so kind to me) it is supposed to rain tomorrow” I said, “No!” he shook his head sadly. “Well okay, I guess we skipped winter and so have to have it this spring” he laughed.
(Be warned, it's not a good idea to faint when your boob is trapped in a vice. Heed my wisdom.)
And when my husband ate the cake, he said, the angel flakes seem to have spoiled the cake, if not it will be very nice. My kids don’t like the coconut too. But I find it ok. I just wanted the cake to look as much as how Dorie made it look like visually. Next time I won’t cover the cake with angels flakes, if I were to make it again.
I'll add that the hair on the head of that panicked stewardess Maida should be "smooth and shining like black satin." Such is its sheen that Tweed can't help but notice as he attends to the dying senator.
Well, that could be how he experienced Bordeaux, or indeed Le Havre or Brest… but possibly does not correspond to the living quarters he went on to enjoy in the capital’s chic 16th arrondissement. Invisible Paris takes up the story here…
After the dabbing, I put on topcoat to help smooth things out, and it looked much better. I can see some spots that indicate my dabbing technique needs a little work, but for a first try, I'm happy with it.
1: Kuwait a minute. Aren’t you going to stop and say hello?
In the Garden of Eden, when the serpent spoke to Eve, he questioned what God had said in order to bring confusion (Gen. 3:1), which then led to insecurity. The serpent, probably seeing Eve was waivering, accused God of lying, while he twisted the truth to make God look bad. By believing the lie, Eve began to feel inferior (even though God is greater, His love kept her from feeling small) but as she looked at it through the eyes of deception, she saw God differently and felt inferior. Inferiority leads to feelings of depression, and ultimately opens the door to fear.
Meanwhile the girl just stares at him blankly.
Send the link, where you might be suspicious of a security threat.
The rose ceremony comes and Ben cuts Sally Field, who is totally graceful and too nice to even shit talk Courtney when she says he hopes he doesn’t get hurt. Again, she’s a pretty crier and when you are this nice getting dumped, you probably aren’t hard to have as a wife. Here’s guessing her last husband was a real assface.
Garnier Fructis Style Product $1/1
Later the story of him writing the phrase was recounted by another student and brought to the attention of school officials. School officials asked Jawdat what happened; he told them and was suspended for two days, he said.
It's a puzzling opener for a magazine-style outlet that claims to offer "perspective and information outside the clamour". Rather, it's an all-too-familiar approach to arts reporting: controversy-led, polarising, reductive and blandly conservative.
so long. I tear up everytime I think about it because they are
Two years ago, I heard from a red-state woman in distress: her friends had taken to texting, rather than calling, and she just did not like it. Too impersonal, too short. If she called them and left a message, or e-mailed, they wouldn’t call or e-mail back – they’d text. In turn, they complained because she didn’t text.
It would appear the economy is not the only thing failing President Obama these days…
Fri: Free
2) He bought you back with the highest price possible– the life of His own dear Son. He didn’t consider even that too high a price to pay for you.
"Love's very pain is sweet."
All this has made me pause and think about why I buy certain books and ignore others. And I do buy a lot.
A commenter, Anonymous, on a post I wrote about Registries Not Being Greedy didn't like that a commenter thought that she received crappy/bad gifts from guests who didn't use her wedding registry. There's nothing wrong with disagreeing but to call the commenter a "brat" and wish that her "marriage fails" is unnecessary and obnoxious and rude. Plus, if you're going to have the balls to write something negative to or about someone at least have the balls to put your name on it. Which is a personal beef I have with the Internet.
Selling broker: Amy Zeeve
Many years ago after the post war election that brought in the Labour Government in England, a new Labour MP was in a bar at the house of Commons with Nye Bevan, a very experienced Labour MP and Minister. The newbie noticed that several Labour Members were drinking with several Tories and both were having a good time. Shocked, he said “The’re fraternizing with the enemy!”. Bevan smiled and said, ‘The’re not the enemy. The’re the Opposition. You sit next to the enemy.”
Grace was only 4 1/2 months old her first Christmas and with the exhaustion of being a first time mom, I honestly didn’t give putting up a tree a thought that year. I don’t even think I put out my snowmen, and didn’t really even think about it. The same went for her second Christmas… I just helped mom as usual put up her tree, and had fun doing it, but didn’t really miss it at my own home, for the mere fact that Grace was into everything. It was no big deal. Then, Grace turned 2 and things changed.
So my Dad and I just finished jogging and I was just there at our sala, sitting and staring at our toy poodle as she walks around aimlessly, and in my staring state I started noticing her legs and how she looks like she’s wearing invisible high heels and I wondered if that’s how people came up with the idea of putting heels on shoes – because it looks lovely in an animalistic way, I guess – and wondered further how it came to be that only women wear them and so I ended up consuming ten minutes of my time looking up the history of high heels. No better way to start the day than by doing some random researching!
06 Independence Day (10:31)
The small man
The mass media are the eyes and ears of modern societies. If they do not function properly, citizens will find it very hard to maneuver rationally and deal in a sensible manner with the challenges they face. This can be compared to being confronted by a hungry polar bear, whereas your eyes and ears keep telling you that this is actually a cozy teddy bear who just craves a little love and understanding.
Those opposed to academic selection believe it widens the gap between rich and poor, and say grammar schools tend to be dominated by the middle classes.
Rogue XS Old Crustacean Barley Wine (2009) Circa 11%
Things begin to change
Although he is now almost full grown at twelve pounds, he is still crazy cute and probably the most personable cat I have ever owned. While he likes the big cats, he loves people and follows us around chatting all the time, begging us to play fetch or looking out the window guarding us from invaders.
Free pallets, cut in half, screwed together and painted with mis-tinted discount paint. Inside lined with landscape fabric (on clearance!). I mean really, who doesn’t love that shade of green!? And check out the blue poly barrel in the background- catching rain water!
Ahh, they grow up so quickly, those young ‘uns, don’t they?
To assemble, split cooled biscuits in half and top with berries and a dollop of whip, replace top half of biscuit and add another dollop of whip and a berry slice of 2, then top with chocolate sauce.Chocolate Sauce
-Skillet
The dilemmas are not just about knowing the boundaries that you consider non-negotiable, but knowing how to set them in a way that produces the give and take that you need to live with and love someone else day in and out. Love is hard. Even strong love, lasting love, committed love.
I take her back to the weapons locker. I point to the door behind it and tell her that is my area. I suggest she not go in there. I suggest she not try to do so, whether I am here or not. I do not indicate why this is so, I only indicate that it might not be in her best interest, and I am not lying. Who knows what she is thinking, I only hope she takes this part to heart. Her big doe eyes tell me nothing, though she listens well, and glances when I point.
I look down and there is a very large belly sized heart stone.
And was always there to do it
I am going to need all that energy later this year....this week we made some final plans to take a trip to Disney in the fall with Chad's parents. I am so, so excited! We have been there once with Audrey when she was 2, but not with all the kids. Chloe's eyes are going to pop right out of her little head when she sees Cinderella's castle!!! I can't wait! We have not told the kids yet, but Chad and I have been talking "in code" with each other about it .... apparently Audrey has been doing a little eavesdropping. Last night I found her scribbling furiously into her notebook and this is what she had written (yes, I sneaked a peek while she was sleeping!):
Maps & Atlases are a multi-talented Chicago four piece, whose music falls in the indie-rock category on Wikipedia but in reality is anything but. On ‘Beware and Be Grateful,’ their second album, the band’s panoramic scope is realised more fully than on their slightly poppy debut, ‘Perch Patchwork.’
With the Silhouette, I cut the butterfly,
Calling out to others ‘Come see, our Lord is raised.’
The spring was a pretty wild one this year - lots of bad weather and storms. Thankfully, the only damage done was to trees and yards. Summer was better, a little warm, but nice. Adam and I got to take a vacation in late August, the first we've had since we were first married. We went to Gatlinburg/Pigeon Forge, TN for a week. We had a blast! It was absolutely beautiful! We got out and hiked a few different places, one of them was the highest point in Tennessee - Clingman's Dome at 6,600 ft. We actually drove about 90% of the way up and then had to hike the last 1/2 mile up. It was very, very steep and cold! And there were people in sandals and t-shirts. :0 Crazy people! We also went White Water Rafting - awesome!!!! Although we were both a little scared before we got started, it was almost over before we realized it. Thankfully (if you can say that), our guide was the only one who fell out. It was actually funny, and he was pulled safely back into the raft (and apparently had to buy drinks for all the other guides later that night b/c he fell out). We also got to see a couple bears in the wild, which was neat (a little scared, but neat). It was amazing to see God's creation. I'll add a few pictures to this blog (if you have Facebook, I also have several of our pictures there, too).
‘She replied, “… Since you have given me land in the Negev, give me also springs of water.” So Caleb gave her the upper and lower springs.’ (V15, TNIV)
Surgeons digressions.
and for something like a second
As the space program is being ramped up to a scale never before seen in history (it's my belief that Obama could very well have been installed to transform America from an arms-based economy to a space-based one), I think everyone should at least familiarize themselves with Hoagland's work, which long predates us all in Synchromysticland.
I would say this fits a bout a 21-22 inch head.
is how it is going to be
dressed
Feed a jump ring through each drilled hole. Close the jump rings using your pliers.
How neat is that! And YES, I am hereby giving you permission to go buy and consume lotsa chocolate and candy. It's for a good cause! And you only have until November 14th to do it, so get on it already!
This refined American idea of superiority has been around for a long time and partners nicely with the general human arrogance that we naked primates are the center of the universe. While religion lost the war putting Earth at the center of creation long ago, individually that is still how most view their existence. For the affluent our lives have become a neatly contained universe all themselves even if our daily struggle is nothing more dangerous than dealing with the demands of living in a Western consumerist society. A far cry from the small child in Africa wondering where his or her next meal or drink of water will come from or a Mexican father caught in the middle of a drug war and fearing what might happen to his family.
I want to be real. Always. No pretenses. No hidden agendas. No seeking to gain anything in return. Just completely and utterly real.
The Roman Catholic Church officially rejects IVF and the church has contended that the sort of lawsuit filed by Herx is a challenge to its right “to make religious based decisions consistent with its religious standards on an impartial basis.” In January of 2012 the United States Supreme Court ruled that religious employers can fire religious workers on the basis of ministerial exception and the employer cannot be sued for discrimination. Rather unfortunately, the Supreme Court neglected to define “religious worker” and this has provided religious employers with considerable cover when they fire employees.
A few months back I had the pleasure of making the acquaintance of a blogger who is every bit of my two favorite things...*AND*...loves color every bit as much as I do! (c:
This may sound un-American – but I had never been to a baseball game prior to this Sunday. Well. That’s a little bit of a lie. I had gone to high school games (which I’m not sure count) but I had never been to an actual baseball stadium. If you only believe that major-league baseball games count – then I still have not been to a baseball game.
With that as background, what follows are some Ian Wallace quotes from Vengeance Is Mine that seem to be offending some thin-skinned liberals:
Wash and pat dry the turkey breast
Highjacking me, kidnapping me –
Model: A1264-0000-10-05
Egyptian Businessman Yasser Salem Followed Al-Qaradhawi Fatwa, Sponsored Algerians to Go Fight Coalition Forces in Iraq
I intended on giving a blow by blow account, in order to possibly help out someone who may find this post down the road if they are in a similar situation. But, I just really am feeling empty and tired. I took some photos, which I'll share, but I can't bring myself to write all the details out. Let me try to sum it up in a sentence .... Since Monday morning, there have been fans and dehumidifiers in the bathroom, Tucker's room and basement, attempting to dry out the now exposed plywood in the bedroom, hallway and garage below. Dang it, I need another sentence. One more.... Most or all of the first floor carpeting will have to be replaced, as well as a good deal of insulation that was ruined in the garage basement ceiling (directly under the leaky toilet). Insurance company has been great, as has my contractor. For the most part.
The crew at TheTwoCents attempted to make our picks using either our hearts or our minds.
The conference features 62 talks as well as 40 poster presentations by PhD students, discussing the recent advances to the most central questions which life sciences research faces today. The Introductory Talk will be given by Professor Nigel Scrutton on ‘Crossing knowledge boundaries: a perspective on team-based interdisciplinary bioscience’ and Professor Dame Nancy Rothwell will give the Keynote Speech on ‘A career in life sciences research – do’s and don’ts!’
So go for it and get gorgeous right away!
GO KART RACING – Saturday, May 12th
The show was going to be about a group of teenagers who are out of control, and are forced to spend one day in jail. The show would be taped over two days, and the teenagers would spend one night in jail, and hopefully have a lifesaving moment where they decide to be better people.
Yep, I work at Rita's, but I fancy myself as an objective ice cream aficionado, and I know quality products when I taste them. Before starting at Rita's I had thought all soft serve ice cream was just the same, and figured paying for Italian Ice at a stand a complete waste of money when I could just pick up some of those little cups at the grocery store. Boy was I wrong. Rita's is a chain which really puts the job on its franchise owners to uphold the quality of its ingredients. The Ellicott City store, run by former University of Maryland quarterback and lifelong Maryland resident Erik Lipton, is no exception. The ice and cream ice is the main attraction here, anchored by a 36 hour freshness policy which guarantees you're getting a product that's fresh and never watered down. Thinking all Italian ice was the same prior to working at Rita's, you can only imagine my surprise when I saw Erik in the back of the store cutting up fresh watermelon just bought from Giant, which is stirred in in generous chunks to the hugely popular Watermelon Ice flavor. As for those flavors, there's a little something for everyone. From a sinfully good Black Cherry to a S'mores Cream Ice flavor with a taste of campfire toasted 'mallows and chocolate, Rita's seriously has something for everyone. Even sugarholic 20-somethings like me, who can recall late-night college study sessions with the candy inspired Swedish Fish flavor. But for as tasty and fresh the ice is, the custard is unbelievable. This is not your standard, overpriced reduced fat soft serve sold in other places. This is rich and indulgent, egg-based custard that is always served in vanilla, chocolate, and twist varieties, available with a catalogue of toppings that ranges from hot fudge to Heath pieces, rainbow sprinkles to peanut butter cups. And if you're lucky you'll stop in when we're offering our coffee custard. With a devoted and almost cult-like following, coffee joins the lineup with two other rotating flavors, strawberry and orange cream, and makes an especially great addition to our Blendini shakes. Looking to try something really good? Why not get the "Adam's Special" Gelati. You won't see it on our menu board, but after experimenting with a free "take home treat" after work, I've found the combination of coffee custard and chocolate mint ice to be the perfect reward on these warm spring days. Yea, I work for Rita's, but as a lifelong journalist and food blogger, do you really think I'd be willing to work at a place that did ice cream anything but 100%? No way. The lines outside the store during a summer day are enough to tell you this place is more than hype, and that's not only a credit to the product, but Erik's style of keeping it local with his ingredients and his employees. Still not buying the hype? Well, if you've got any lingering doubts, check us out this Tuesday starting at 11:30 AM. To celebrate the first day of spring Rita's will be giving out a free Italian or cream ice flavor of your choice to all who show up. I'm willing to bet that, if it's your first time, your free ice won't be your last. FYI -- Eric is set to open up a Jimmy John's on Route 40 sometime in the late fall. He's in final negotiations and will choose between two sites on the Route 40 corridor (one by Jason's Liqueur Store, the other next to Bon Appetit Bakery).
Next we drew over the patterns with black PVA glue. This was trickier than it looks. The glue tended to come out of the tube in an irregular fashion, but I think it added a bit of originality to our designs. We laid them out to dry. We didn't get around to finishing them until this week, because I needed to purchase some white glue to stain with watercolours, so that we could colour in the designs. Spot the Mondrian on the bottom!
2 confess
Just when things get simple with “Eighteen,” they become complex again with the title track, “Offramp.” This one’s simply mind-bending, with Rodby and Gottlieb hanging together nicely on acoustic bass and drums and Metheny going off in all kinds of directions. It’s all cool.
Good question. Also, for the first time in the history of mankind, we get to look someone conceived after May 21 in the eye (if the Lord tarries past Oct 21) and say you are absolutely not saved and guaranteed to perish eternally. Beginning May 22, 2011, some get to play God, knowing with 100% certainty those who will not become saved.
Next Thursday, March 10 at 7 pm at the Burke Museum, Ted Pietsch, UW Faculty member in the School of Aquatic and Fishery Sciences, will speak about his book, The Curious Death of Peter Artedi: A Mystery in the History of Science. Cost is $5 or free for Burke members.
Pours a brilliant gold with a huge, fizzy white head. Great carb and thoroughly effervescent. The head diminishes to about a fin finger foamy mass. Nose is peculiar - lots of sweet candy and bubblegum, some bready notes with some spicy notes and pine. Taste is sweet caramel and sugary candy notes along with some bread and biscuit throughout. There's very little bitter, but just enough to balance out the malt profile. This is where the nifty part comes in. The end is like a bitter gin martini, accenting the alcohol and lasting well into, and actually peaking, in the after.
_____are you trying to say that I'm not intelligent.....b!t*h...i went to the School of Hard knocks, University of Life (funny life quote)
“For the economy” does not justify White GENOCIDE
Have questions about participating in blood drives in 2012? Please reach out to Carmen Cervantes at LifeSourse at 847-323-6699 or ccervantes@itxm.org. Let’s try harder in 2012 to help save lives.
I was very proud of Savanah on our ride. She was bareback (she's so warm and comfy I can't resist) and I aasked her to lengthen, shorten, lengthen and shorten her canter down an open stretch and she did it perfectly! Twice! This is a challenge as she loves to go forward and an open beach on a crisp Nov. day brings out the 'go go go' in her, but she stayed perfectly on the aids and responded brilliantly. We're so lucky to have a safe, sensitive, forward horse like her.
P.S. And don’t forget your road map!
Wang Chung Dance hall days UK
and that makes me even more moody and stressed!
I look up to the hill top
Then we need to go to a baby store because we have another baby box to get out, yaayy for more free baby stuff, lolol!!
However, today I caught a sudden second wind. A minute on second winds. Ya know when you are exercising and your breath has just upped and walked away from you. You are just ready to quit and rest and coax your normal breath to unite with your body once again. Then something can happen. Maybe your favorite song has come on (that one always gets me), or your end goal suddenly becomes visible, or you think about that ultimate reward, or something, anything. That thing that grabs you, holds on, and carries you. You get that motivation to continue. That is that second wind. You continue to workout, and even better, you exercise harder and stronger than before.
Hands down the worst part of this story is the "Battle" between the Saxons and the Vikings, in which sadly "Patchy" bites the dust. Everyone appears to think they're in a benny hill sketch; as they run in and out of the Monastery, screaming at the top of their lungs for some reason, and all the while with the sound of drumming in the background, which makes the scene even more farcical. But this hilarity passes quickly and the story comes across as strong overall, with the possible exception to the cliffhanger to episode 2 which fails pretty miserably. The whole second episode suffers as Hartnell was on holiday again for the shooting. Ironically the cliffhanger entails Vicki and Steven trying to spring the Doctor from his cell, only to discover his absence.
But I get lost to find my way out
First of all, it turns out that these particular aliens have been here before. That time - in 1965 - they only demanded a ransom of twelve children, in exchange for a promise not to release a virus which would kill an estimated quarter of the world's population. Twelve lives against over a billion? Pretty good deal. The children (orphans, whose absence wouldn't be noted) were duly handed over by Captain Jack Harkness of the Torchwood institute himself.
Today Kobe and I decided to go swimming. We went to the pool where we played for over 2 hours. It was so much fun and wore us both out.
PJ Pesce is a film director/writer. Here, he's talking about working on straight-to-dvd film sequels (before you judge him on that, I'd read his Wikipedia page at the end of the link above).
Saint Walpurga was canonised on this date and because of her associations as a "grain mother" the Eve of her celebration has become paganised as "Walpurgisnacht" in Teutonic countries. I wonder what this Christian saint would make of her festivities becoming a Witches' Sabbath?
WOOFWOOFWOOFWOOFBARKBARKBARKBARKWOOFWOOF!!!
The film tells the story of Joe Gillis, an unsuccessful screenwriter, played by William Holden who stumbles across the Hollywood mansion home of yesteryear in which Norma Desmond lives. A faded silent movie star, Gloria Swanson plays Norma. The film also stars the legendary director Erich Von Stroheim who plays Max, Desmond’s butler.
#4: Mom may not love you best.
Orleans – Love Takes Time
I'm a 'mad eco-scientist' of sorts in that I devise natural, earth friendly recipes for dyes, stains and inks to use in my art (largely due to annoying allergies to chemicals), and I like to make light-up and mechanical art from scrap electronic bits. This is my husband's fault as he teaches me things such as which value of resistor is needed to power an LED light.
The ancestors of the Boers were dumped at the Cape by the VOC.
I tuck in my shirt and secure my hair
Wow! I am so excited to be able to do this. CSN contacted me and offered me a 45.00 gift certificate for one of my blog followers to spend at one of their 200 online stores. Everything from pendant lighting to things for kids and pets! They also have shoes, not that I need more shoes, but shoes are a great thing!
Not even a nearly fatal car accident in 1982 could stop Teddy from pursuing his music and touching millions with endearing hits like "the Gift Of Life", "I Can't Win For Losing", "Close The Door", I Can't Live Without Your Love", "Joy", "Turn Off The Lights", "Love TKO" and "Voodoo" among so many others...
“Working with French estate agents can be challenging,” she says with a laugh. “They seldom share listings and many don’t speak English. Plus, they represent the seller, not the buyer or the renter--and so their goal is to obtain the highest price. Having us represent you creates a better balance.
I've held off on posting the recipe and review for this one because I'm not all that happy with it. I was hoping it might improve with some time, but that doesn't seem to be the case. I had high hopes for this beer, having gone through some additional trouble to perform a multi-step temperature mash and a cereal mash for a pound of unmalted spelt. The results are not what I expected; a little disappointing.
“It's not us, it's the referee.” protested the moustached man.
the valleys not the peaks to make choices,
November 18, 2004 my dad died suddenly in his sleep. 11 months later, in the end of October my mom married a man she barely knew. But before they got married, he convinced us to come back to the house I grew up in and throw away/give away / sell everything. Every momento of my dads, everything he owned and loved. Every physical memory. We sold and gave away it all. I have about 10 or so pictures of him, and recently was given one other decorative thing that he had owned. but that is all. As I grew older this bothered me more and more. Then I had a baby and I was heartbroken that I had nothing to share with him of his grandfathers (papa, as my dad wanted to be called). My baby will never play with some of my old toys while I explain that my dad and I used to play with them together. I can’t play my dad’s favorite board games with my family… all of that is lost to me forever. Sure, I can buy replicas of the things, or different versions of the board games (and I have been!) but it is different. Those things were not his. I have nothing that was his (except the thing that I got about a month ago…).
Measure and cut your Ribbon. (hint: I cut my ribbon with pinking shears so it wouldn't fray)
WHY IT MATTERS: Darwinian evolution is bad science because it is really just philosophy (naturalism) masquerading as science. You can’t marry anyone who pre-supposes a materialist view of metaphysics like naturalists do, and then allows that philosophical assumption to overrule the scientific evidence. You don’t want to be paired up with someone who lets their prejudices overturn data.
Extremism is a good example of its negative, sometimes destructive, effects. So is racialism.
Anyway, I’m not reviewing Jumping the Broom (which I actually enjoyed, but maybe my standards are different after 2 a.m.), but it just so happens to jibe almost perfectly with the book I’ve been reading for the last two weeks—Touré’s Who’s Afraid of Post Blackness? What it Means to be Black Now.
Please check the buyer reviews of Samsung i9100 Galaxy S II Unlocked GSM Smartphone with 8 MP Camera, Android OS, 16 GB Internal Memory, Touchscreen, Wi-Fi, and GPS–No Warranty (Noble Black) on the merchant’s website by click on the link below.
Writing my feelings in this blog is really helping me,I just want to start therapy and then hormones...
What time is it now? I said, what time is it now?
Inside the ship, I meet a whole crew of people just like the grey-eyed man. I think to myself – friend or foe? Do I really trust these people? As soon as I think this, however, Young Master’s hand slips through mine, and gives it a sharp squeeze. I know I can trust him.
Take advantage of the opportunities available
clouds in progress, ongoing roads.
Bloodied and forsaken from years attacked.
We also learn the status of Falco’s new house and the frustrating slowness of the contractors who are working on building the bath house. And Helena is pregnant with Falco’s second chil so there is a need for more room for living space. Nux has given birth to a large puppy which now belongs to Maia’s eldest Marius. And Maia and Anacrites have been seen together quite often. Jupiter! Three down, 47 books to go.
Like Ann, I do like the black with the brass but I think if given the chance to buy it, I would go for the Granite with the resin rivets. Simply because I love the colour (& I don’t have that colour yet in my growing bag collection) and weight-wise it is lighter than the ones with the brass rivets.
The fact that the stories in question came about due to the defection of a recent attack dog merely adds a beautifully ironic slant to this tale.
The final area of interest will likely overlap with the first in some aspects—education. I am currently pursuing a Master’s Degree in this area (along with Special Education), so I obviously have a vested interest in how the education system in the United States works. Once I begin teaching I’m sure my opinions may change, so it will certainly be interesting to watch how my viewpoints evolve over time.
So far this year, The Minions have "decided" they want to be:
I think my family still refers to me that way even today.
But Shakespeare never does this again (any more than he again uses confusing names like Gremio and Grumio in the same play). It was possibly his first or at any rate his second. And he is retelling, as he would so often later, from a given source; he didn't invent the plot. That goes back to Ariosto and beyond.
Thank you Mom for putting up with football in the living room and band practice in the basement.
01-Overture
From the other side of the room, Roger noticed her discontent and looked up from the spreadsheets and plans that he had laid out all over the parlour room table with concern on his handsome face (I don't mean he spread them out over the table with his face).
Attack: Bite 1-2 pts, claws 1-3 pts
There you go. Another update. Which you may or may not have enjoyed reading. I sort of enjoyed writing it. Make sure you click all the buttons on the right, the Twitter button (which I’m always on, so you can never feel lost), the Facebook button, and the email button. Awesome. Thanks for reading.
Mondays 7 pm – 8 pm
Let’s start with the ball pens. I am very particular with ball pens. I don’t like gel pens or like sign pens (although I use sign pens for “special occasions” usually for poetry or for notebooks with thick nice paper, which are usually cheap ass imitations of moleskin notebooks. As long as they have no lines, and the paper is smooth and thick, in my mind that’s like moleskin even if it’s really not). I like pens that have a smooth feel. I don’t like pens that feel like they are scratching the paper. I like pens that glide smoothly across the page. I do not like G-tech pens. I have a list of favorite pens that I used to buy in the Philippines. They are: star pentel, faster, faber castel, and pilot. There’s one more ball pen that I like, but I forgot what it’s called. It’s like cheap. My favorite is star pentel, but I also like to use pilot ball pens when there’s a ‘special occasion.’ What’s a ‘special occasion’? I don’t really have a set of rules. I just have a feeling that I want this writing session to be special.
5. Be very specific
I don't mind admitting that I find the boys the hardest ones to find gifts for at Christmas time... They would disagree and say that's silly... but try asking the men in your life to give Santa a little guidance and I am sure you manage these similar responses... 'Whatever you think of will be perfect'... 'You know me... I am so easy'... 'Something like last year... loved that'... 'Not really sure, but I will let you know...' Are you getting my point? My boys are not helpful at all... maybe they just aren't as in the know as my girls... but I doubt that... The boys... they really are the hard ones...
Amazingly, everyone painted a portrait of the same person using the same techniques which resulted in 13 (including Frank) uniquely different interpretations of both the technique and the subject. Incredible! They all looked fantastic! Not sure if you guessed who the Australian celebrity is but he's very cute (which made painting that much more fun...).
Self-assessment relates to creating a personal inventory of skills, interests, values, personality development and learning style. Through research, students can learn about the career options available. The strategy involved to match the personal inventory with the career gives a general idea about salary expectations, working conditions, future outlook and educational requirements.
DVD to the production of one album, this 2005 re-release of
I'd like to tell you it ended pretty. However, you've probably tasted raw garlic. You know the bite it has.
The flight landed on time and a taxi was waiting to take her to Naklua Beach where the 10 writers were given accommodation. She had got an invite from a friend who worked with Luna e Sol Literary Society. The workshop was part of a reading and writing festival. Tara was mainly lured by the star attraction of the fest. Asma Khan the literary diva was going to do a reading and question session on her new novel. She was one of the most celebrated and controversial authors of her time and Tara worshiped her.
Add the flour, spreading it with a spoon in the pot and stir for 2-3 minutes. Add the broth, stir, add the coconut milk and simmer for 3-5 minutes.
Rating 8.
But with any good diet, you need the exercise as the companion. Today I warmed up on the elliptical and roller bladed around my block while walking my dog. It was an easy beginning to my day, and though it may not be much something is always better than nothing. I hope to continue on with this motivation.
Me: I kind of froze, thinking my sister might have said something, but she doesn’t know your name either. So I froze… and my mom, said, “I’m not stupid Ragan, we know what you’ve done, what you’ve said, we have it all here on paper.” I could hear my dad in the background, he got on the phone and now… I’m going toDisneyland and my Mother’s College Graduation.
Juno then disappeared, leaving poor Psyche alone and no choice but to make her way over to the nearest temple to Venus. When she entered it, Venus was already there and ready to make Psyche go through hell to get to her beloved son.
So. Winter fun. What do you do?
Then came the time to be real flexible, they ended up staying at a nice…well, …ahem…a resort run by a Canadian! What a shame! An anonymous donor heard the doctors and nurses were arriving to help out at the medical clinic and paid for the expense of the hotel. Dr. Alan did have to pay for his own M.R.E.s (That is what I call My Real Eatery) and did not have to eat the military M.R.E.s (Meals Ready to Eat). He admitted it was a nice surprise and did not mind paying for the food. What a reward for being willing to suffer in the heat and uncomfortable sleeping conditions!
A major political crisis in the German capital.
AND autographed bookplate! with bookmarks for upcoming books
Correspondents in the Church of England Newspaper in the early part of 1995 reflected on the Evangelical Leaders Conference held in January of that year, when the definition of evangelical was raised once again. Those committed to the inerrancy of Scripture were criticised and it was insisted that the true evangelical must leave room for the humanity of the Biblical writers. It was a controversy sadly reminiscent of the separation of the Inter Varsity Fellowship from the Student Christian Movement in the 1920s. The so called open evangelical is apparently ready to accept not only errors in the Bible but contradictions between Jesus and Paul, together with serious ambiguities about moral guidance. 1996 saw the publication of Strangers and Friends, written by a professing evangelical so open that he is able to grant biblical validity for homosexual practice.
The central problem of writing about South Africa is that it is almost impossible to explain the country's slow-motion catastrophe in terms that make sense to foreigners. Consider these headlines, culled from just a fortnight's newspapers: Failed Billion-Dollar Education Program; Whistle-Blower Murdered, Wife of NIA Chief on Trial for Smuggling Cocaine, the NIA being our CIA.
While most charter schools list pay as “commensurate with experience,”
movies -
What a day! I will always look back at this day with fond memories and with one three letter word in mind which really captures the day and this couple really......FUN!
Or "The Blog that Once Was."
a hill of sand
When the pastry dough is chilled and the mangoes are mascerated, get out two clean bowls. Use one to drain the mango syrup into (through a fine mesh sieve if you've got a big one, or through a pasta strainer or even a slotted spoon in a pinch) and the second to hold the drained mango pieces. Butter and flour an ~9-inch tart or pie pan (with a removable bottom, preferably), and roll the dough out to ~4 inches in diameter larger than your pan. (I always get lazy when I'm rolling dough out, but you want to roll it enough so it'll come up over the sides of the pan by at least an inch.) Drape the dough into the pan, gently tucking it down into the corners of the pan and letting the edges hang over the sides. Get your oven heating to 400 F.
I'm sure you've guessed it, our blood test this past Friday was negative. To make matters worse, the night before Thanksgiving the Dr called to tell us the other 5 embryos did not make it. The cells have to continue to divide and mature before they can be frozen for future use; they just stopped. I was devastated. I think I knew that night that this is what would happen. If the cells can't properly divide in a perfect, scientific environment, do you really think they'd progress in my body that I do not treat as a temple? The few family members I talked to about this were all shocked too. Our daily Dr updates regarding the embryos were going so well. At one point, he even said our embryos were "perfect." That's one hell of a statement to make one day then the next they all die. Nature can be cruel.
Yup, that’s right. Immune system of a champion right here. My roommate had a terrible virus that was highly contagious, the details of which are not suitable for public forum, which got passed around the house we live in like wild fire…but I didn’t get it.
And the method that has most helped me to change my form is listening to a 170-180 beats per minute music mix and landing my feet on every beat. This forces you to run as if you were running while jumping rope. You are forced toward landing on the ball of your foot rather than the heel.
1/2 egg, lightly beaten
I fished for the seed in the guts of that stud.
APhoto/ Quote To Share:
watch this space for posts devoted to colour...!
Good morning all! It will probably be afternoon by the time I post this since I have yet to take pictures, but I’ll pretend it’s still morning. I like this outfit and I hope you do too. I’ve had this dress forever, it was a hand-me-down from my sister. I think the first time I wore it was four years ago. Since it’s extremely short, I thought I should wear it with extra-thick tights since, you know, it’s still winter. The dark purple tights bring out the light purple in the dress, and I like the contrast between the dark purple and the red stripe. My everyday boots and denim shirt keep it casual. As much as I love designer clothing, you don’t need a label to look good.
26. Say you were given a drug test right now, would you pass? Well there was that one time....Just Kidding!!! Heck ya I would with flying colors!
And now (insert drumroll here), a picture of the front now...
So, when I suggest you take inspiration from the next thing he postie delivers to your door ... I'm serious. It really can work! Especially if it has yellow and pink postage labels ... oh my ...
Queen Kat Designs (http://www.katstamps.com/) announces its latest search for loyal, dedicated and excited Royal Court members! You must be a STAMPER and card maker to apply. We are a stamp manufacturer that makes laser etched rubber stamps. We are looking for people who LOVE to stamp and can do so on a deadline with a smile!
A tax deductible contribution of only $10.00 provides an America's Hero with a Thanks-A-Bunch™ (TAB) card that can be redeemed for $50.00 at any one of more than 18,000 participating restaurants nationwide. That's five times the value of your contribution.
A major question was “How did Japan destroy so many ships, airplanes and lives without anyone suspecting in advance the terrible attacks?” Mr. Shirley tells of every day lives, political and historical events, and world leaders’ actions.
“That was it!” Today, Fox & Friends co-anchor Gretchen Carlson explained her current disdain for a good cold brew. After a segment tease that beer made men smarter than their sober friends, Gretchen declared, “The worst part of that study is that I’m going to have to start liking beer.”*
Ensemble message: When I received this cardigan for Christmas, I immediately wanted to pair it with all things olive! I started with my favorite olive pants, so I decided to wear it with my favorite olive dress next. I really like how the raspberry color brightens up an otherwise neutral outfit. Also, I’m loving the preppy nature of the overall look (belt, boots), but that the color of the cardigan gives it a twist!
Ran/hiked from Chat to the base of the 2nd, scrambled the 2nd (to the walk-off) in 9:20, then continued on to the summit at a hard pace for a 39min ascent. Was feeling some good flow on the way down and made it back to Chat with a 23min descent by coming down the same way (but taking the trail down instead of downclimbing the 2nd). My altimeter shows this (and this morning's) run as 3100' efforts, but an even 3000' seems fair.
Just as we are all settled in with our daughter, now we have decided to move (figures)! Thank goodness we're only moving to another house in our same town, though, only 4 miles away. The difference is we'll have a little over 2 and a half more times the space than our current house! I'm not joking; we're going from an 1,183 square foot house to one that's 3,078! One huge source of stress for all of us has been that we feel like we're constantly on top of each other. Very little personal space combined with two kids, one of whom is VERY loud and both of whom are VERY energetic, has turned me into a walking emotional disaster area. I love my kids to death, no question, but too much is too much! Since we homeschool, I'm pretty much with them 24/7, so you can imagine, and I'm sure many of you don't even have to imagine because you're in a similar situation. I'm so thankful we'll be outta here in two weeks and one day. Yes, I'm counting down :)
This is much better. You need to polish it though, and the best way I know to do that is to say the words aloud. If they sound clunky, if it doesn't flow, change it. At this point you're going to be taking out or moving words, or changing syllables.
Returning and coming around full circle have been recurrent concepts in my life. As an immigrant, I’ve been struggling with a lot of issues over the past few years that come as part of the package, over and over again. These issues have provided some fuel for creativity and a way to really test my problem solving skills, which is a good thing. But there are times when I wonder why the hell I’m still here, and why I’m still trying to make things work. I’m as much a part of the American landscape as anyone else on the street. I’ve lived in the US longer than I’ve lived in any other country. But I grew up all over the world, so no one place has really been home unless I choose to call it home. My childhood is quite literally a figment of my imagination now, as the cities and places I’ve lived in have changed beyond recognition.
One of the best parts of transferring to BYU was getting the opportunity to take a Hindi class. Hindi, in addition to being the language of Bollywood cinema, is closely related to Urdu, a language with a poetic tradition I'm particularly enthralled with, and to my grandfather's native language, Punjabi (which, despite my great-grandmother's efforts, I'd never learned). Understandably, the small liberal arts college I came from did not offer Hindi, so I was very excited to be in a school that did.
I took some other pictures of this pendant on a cushion from my favorite chair my Mom gave me (she found it at a yard sale and gifted it to me when she replaced it with a posh club chair), and I just loved them because they MATCHED so perfectly and I was dying to use them as the main photo for my item on Etsy, but the pendant just seemed to disappear. I used one of them anyway for the second picture. This is my favorite one:
9. Sun Green – 12:03
and go.
If you wear shoes, you know Louboutin. The suave Frenchman, celebrating 20+ years as one of the world’s leading women’s shoe designers, will have an exhibition of his work showcased at the Design Museum this month with real emphasis on Louboutin’s design process from fantasy sketch to highbrow store.
6 mushrooms
If it’s cynical to look truth in the face and exercise common sense in the affairs of life, then certainly I’m a cynic and odious if you like.’
PAUL: No. If it’s an honest rape, that individual should go immediately to the emergency room. I would give them a shot of estrogen….
Most biographers now point to 8 Amity St. (which has since been renumbered 197), also in Cobble Hill, as Jennie Jerome’s birthplace, because that’s where the Jerome family was living in 1854, according to an 1854-55 City Directory. This assertion, then, depends on the truthfulness of the birth date most often attributed to her, January 9, 1854.
Lord we ask you to intercede on our behalf, to care and nurture those who need it and give strength to all who can enact change.
Hills Free Nights Neh!!!!!!!
The major spring auctions wrapped up this week in New York with sales that nearly tripled last year's totals. A few artists appeared unaffected by the recent ups and downs of the market. A Picasso painting sold for $106.5 million, setting an auction record, and Andy Warhol's "Self Portrait" sold for $32.5 million, more than twice its high estimate.
Chizuko Judy Sugita de Queiroz was nine years old when her family was forced to sell their home in Orange County, CA in order to report to internment in Poston, AZ. Her dad sold his bonsai nursery to Walter Knott, of Knott's Berry Farm, with an agreement that he could buy it back after the war. When they returned in 1946, Walter Knott failed to honor his contract. Her dad lost all of the stock to his business, and their personal possessions had been stolen.
wheat bread
Aside from working and making music several hours a day,
Ikea’s popular Klippan sofa was produced in East Germany at a plant situated next to a prison in Waldheim.
In fact, this is not the first time we've heard such an announcement and I give it less cred than the initiative from Planetary Resources, by some distance. Still, the coincidence in timing... plus a number of fascinating technologies that I saw while attending (as an advisor) the recent NASA Innovative and Advanced Concepts workshop ... lead me to wonder. Is our time of disappointment in space coming to an end?
Here, narrated by Cornelius Colomb, is the story Wolverine, Wolf, and Fire Medicine:
The Italian guy who might as well go around the whole movie going “Thatsa bigga pizza pie!”, or Kathy Bates as Molly Brown, the most broadly painted character in history. Or the aforementioned Billy Zane, who may as well have been wearing a Snidely Whiplash mustache he was so fucking evil. There’s no grey area with any of the characters. The Italian guy is merely Italian. Molly Brown is a damned quote machine. Billy Zane is only missing the railroad tracks and rope.
2 Samuel 1:26 states: “I am distressed over you, my brother Jonathan, very pleasant you were to me. More wonderful was your love to me than the love from women.”
While his initially pleasant marriage to the late Christine, violinist and ceramist, was still functional—she having later become a rather nutty recluse in the upstate country house, while he soldiered on in the city apartment so cluttered with decades-old newspapers she had amassed that even the dog had to fight his way through to the door—the Kissels and the Simons had many joyous dinners together. But out of respect for Christine, who never even set foot any more in the city, Howard kept those mounds of newspapers till the day she died, though when some utility like the fridge broke down, he felt too ashamed to let a repairman in to see the mess. And that is another good thing about him: he provided one with a veritable trove of bizarrely funny anecdotes. For example, about the leaky roof in the kitchen of their country house, which they couldn’t afford to have repaired, and merely had some sort of tarpaulin to keep the rain off their meals.
While the BTAC is an annual release, they tend to be quite consistent from year to year, especially in the last four or five years. Do you really need a bottle of each when you have a closet full of the past releases? Can't we leave some for the newbies?
700 D-IX/24/1975. “The Articles of Confederation.” Conference on the United States Constitution: A Bicentennial Consideration of Its Humanistic Roots and Contemporary Significance, Loraine County Community College, Norwalk, Ohio.
A few months ago, Lariea posted on the "Make The Cut Forum" about these cute little backpack boxes that she had made. CaseysAngel(Christy) then went and found the pattern and directions on the Splitcoaststampers website. They were created and posted by Mary Arima on that site. Her blog is "PaperJoy". I couldn't resist making one. Actually, my plan was to make several as treat bags for my DD's volleyball team. However, they were a bit "fiddly" LOL and I decided there was no way I was making that many (it would have been more than 20 as she plays both JV and varsity!!) so this is a "one of a kind"!
Well, ladies and gentlemen, the moment has arrived to reveal the four award winners in From New York to San Francisco’s first annual year-end awards! I would like to thank everyone who voted, as there was a much larger turnout than I expected. Below are the winners:
Less profanity?
How black the tarred road. And how cheerful the leaves dancing across its surface. I remember being struck by the terrible beauty of a winter world that day. Shivering branches. Selfish sun.
On that note, a quotation Julie shared with me after praising the infinitely healing powers of meditation. It went something like, “If you can imagine it, you can achieve it. If you can dream it, you can become it.”
Some amazing cloud formations recorded, here.
185 ***7. “Legal Realism, the New Journalism, and The Brethren.” Duke Law Journal, vol. 1983, pp. 1045-74 (November 1983). (Sources: Items D-II/23/1980 and III/19/1980, below, and C-1976(2), above. Incorporated in Item B-5, above, pp. 275-94 (1992).)
I certainly agree with that. I saw a show at Bernard Manning’s Embassy Club in Manchester in the early 1980s when there was a black couple near the front of the audience. Manning, of course, zeroed in on them as the butt of his jokes and they genuinely loved it. At the end of the show, they were beaming with happiness and excitement; he had made their night.
Paper: Daffodil delight, Island Indigo, Chocolate Chip Pattern DSP, In Color DSP
People lament the change wrought in the language by the arrival of text messaging.
We made a list on Wednesday night…and went grocery shopping after school Thursday. The time clincher was FRIDAY was the last day of pre-school..so we needed to have em done and dropped off at the school in time for her to pick them up that morning.
Back at home, I enjoyed the chaos of getting Donald clothed, fed, and otherwise prepared for school, which is always fun. We dropped him off together and walked him all the way to the classroom which we aren't supposed to do. We have a conference with Mrs. Patrick tomorrow but she couldn't wait to show us a handwriting assignment he had done very well on. He has some fine motor problems and struggles with handwriting so we were very proud to see his work. He has an amazing teacher!
The woman was about five feet in front of him, clutching the knife tightly in her right hand. Her eyes were steely and locked onto Ben’s every move. The lines of her body were contoured into an athletic looking frame, poised and ready to strike. She could be on him like a jungle cat, stealthy and quick, that he was well aware of.
"Well, we shan't waste it," he said, picking it from my plate with his fork.
filmdocket.com
"Oh......so you ARE coming.....well....its just that.......welll.......there isn't anyone here..."
Muslim Racism Towards the White or Non-Muslim British
“It’s fuck horsehit.”
Wow Jamie taken on a lease is a big deal, and proper management takes a lot of work and time. There is a lot of research and planning to build it effectively. Your first steps is to learn more about hunting deer before you begin spending time and money into the land you will be hunting. First you need to do some scouting start as early as may watch the deer from a distance: behavior, where they come from where they go to, what they are eating, time of day etc. Don’t worry if you don’t see any bucks your gonna want to hunt the does when the rut kicks in because that’s where the bucks will be. Any way once you have a good feel for what the deer do on your property, begin looking for sign in the mid day where you observed the deer look for travel lanes and trails leading to and from cover. Get back into this cover walking slightly off the trail I like to walk in pretty deep look for a slight clearing that might be 10×10 yards wide something that will give you some clear shooting lanes. Set up a trace mineral lick that you buy from a feed and tack shop don’t spend a bunch of money on a “deer lick” at Cabelas in a spot that has clear shot from a good treestand tree. Use block topper for the first application to help deer find your lick then once they know it there you wont have to add more. Set up a trail camera on the lick about 20 feet away something that doesn’t have a flash. Wait 7-10 days then check it if you have good activity like deer hitting it consistently keep it out if not find a different spot. Once you are getting good activity leave the camera out for 2-3 weeks at time and continually going to swap out cards batteries etc. keep a log of the deer you see on the cam you will be able to pattern them form the pics (time of day, temp, moon etc) This is a good way to attract good deer and will be ready to hunt in the early season . and will continue to b good through the season
In a food processor: Add sour cream, mayo, onion and garlic powders, thyme, salt, pepper and caramelized onions. Pulse until mixed. Taste for seasoning after it has sat for a few minutes because the flavors will intensify. Enjoy with your favorite potato chips or roast your own potato slices (thinly sliced with salt, pepper, brushed with olive oil at 400 degrees for 20 to 30 minutes)
10. Sign in Stranger
- adopting technological innovation in your product to increase margins
Four made-up words
Rogue Brewery / Brewer's on the Bay John John Ale (Spruce Gin Barrel Aged)
I won’t ever take the easy way out
According to the ad at the back of the book, Super Dinosaur #2 goes on sale today. If you missed the free preview last Saturday, this is definitely a comic worth paying for.
And in His final act He tells us ‘Don’t worry; we’re reconciled. And to prove it, I went through hell and back so you don’t have to.’
I don't have any particular angle on this as I gave up eating cereals many years ago and hadn't thought about it when I came here. I occasionally have muesli with milk in the evening, which some people in England considered a strange time.
But alas the family has all gone home, my husband is in Canada for 8 weeks studying for the USMLE (licensing exam for doctors) and I am here waiting anxiously to be called for a job! shew.
The Flyn'n Hawaiian with curly fries $17
OK, I could stop there but there is so much more! I was reading through her About Me page and literally laughed out loud. And I don't laugh out loud. Ever. So stinkin funny! And she's my friend in real life!! Could I be any luckier?
I hadn't been verbally abused for at least two weeks.
Things I Think: An amazing professor of mine, poet Norma Cole, always reminds her students to "be more curious" when reading: look up unknown words, cross reference obscure facts, let the text lead you on an adventure as you move from book to book to gain a more complete level of understanding. Thayil's "Narcopolis" definitely made me more curious in this way. Admittedly, my knowledge of Bombay was limited when I encountered this book, and I found myself so inspired by Thayil's rendering of this history that I could not (and still cannot) stop researching the time period he describes.
Hurricane threat
Indian braided tassel -
There's a winning ethical dimension that Rinzler, all of 28 years old, extends, true to the slangy, conversational, but firmly (if oddly skewed at times) moral mission of Trungpa, and the other teachers he has studied and whom he presents here. Although Rinzler's reading list's surprisingly terse, the book's value lies in putting its advice to work, not in mulling it over for a seminar or keeping it for one's own retreat. This isn't for intellectuals or monks, but for us stuck in the 9-to-5 or 24/7 wired world.
Corruption Perception Index:
Whatever happens with this new trial – if it ever happens (Geron has been promising this trial for years now) – will not change the fact that human embryonic stem cell research is unethical, period. I’d sure love to be able to walk again, but I would never accept the harvesting of another human life, no matter how small, for my own comfort.
I’m still ambivalent, but I think some time in the next few days you’ll see yet another blog format change. Unless Blogger announces plans to make more gadgets compatible and gives a touch more control over layout in Dynamic Views, I’m going to start the arduous task of fixing a new format if I can find a background picture that isn’t sucky (much more difficult than you might think).
We’ll take on Darwin and Sigmund Freud
It seems to me that the ebook publishing world is a very immature market that has grown massively in the last few years. Seeing that growth in the market I can see why technology companies such as Microsoft would want to have a stake in that type of content. It seems to me (and perhaps it is rather obvious) that once you have a reasonably competent piece of technology, it is the content that you can access on it that sells the technology product when you are talking about ebook readers. For libraries I can see why an off-the-shelf solution for lending ebooks is attractive.
The devil mocks their every step
I found rest.
Oct 26 – Knitting Factory – Boise, ID (W/Cobra Starship)
So the challenge is to create 2 windows on your card - they can be of any shape or size, as long as you can see something on the inside peeking out. Perhaps it will be patterned paper or a stamped image that you can see. Whatever you decide will work as long as you have 2 windows!
News Anchor or News Buoy?With this new kind of “broadcasting” in Hangouts, our students are asking what to call this new kind of “broadcasting” in the G+ stream? Social-casting? Perhaps… incorrectly….I’ve been calling our G+ on-air Hangouts a “visual #backchannel ” where for the first time, newscasters can see their audience. One Plusketeer correctly pointed out, “Sarah, the word “back” makes it appear as it’s hidden some place out of view.” Isn’t it time to move our audience away from the BACK of the room? h/t +Michael TuckerRoger that skipper and speaking of names, I think this platform has the ability to sink News “Anchors” who refuse to do anything more than just read. Our content needs to bubble up to the surface. “News Buoys” as I call them need to float on multiple platforms and share their content.
Weekend read is clearly this rare departure from the usual "both sides do it" format. Our Mr. Hiatt allowed Thomas E. Mann and Norman J. Ornstein, of Brookings and AEI respectively, to tell the world, straight out loud, the root of our broken government lies with the Republican Party.
David uses speed-networking to break the ice – you have a few minutes with 3 random people, usually those fairly near you. Although you may not learn much (it’s far too short), it’s a good way for getting everyone into a ‘participative’ frame of mind.
Thanks for all the encouraging comments about my new 'Dangerous Doodle' Pattern Tutorials. I am feeling very inspired about these, and have already recorded many new doodle videos which are waiting in line to be edited (including the new shell design you can see in the picture above). Don't forget to subscribe to my blog if you haven't already, so you don't miss any new ones.
Chinese Cooking Wine (Shao Shing Chiew) (optional), 1 tablespoon
"Well the other night I saw what is in your pants and I won't deny a certain level of desire," I returned.
b. Crookedness
In any case, be expecting a couple more posts from me, at least – particularly as the semester starts to wind down and it begins to really hit me that I’m going home. That’ll be another fun ride, I’m sure (DAG NABBIT DIDN’T I JUST GET OFF THE STUDY ABROAD ROLLER COASTER?! WHAT DO YOU MEAN I HAVE TO GET BACK ON IT?! WHAT THE HECK!!!!!!!!!!!!).
By Suzanne Woods Fisher
"I consider my blog to be within the context of a movement," said Susana. "Whether I make posts, I'm always thinking at the back of my head how could this be used to further a movement, and focus on radical women of color It's more of the idea of transferring that discussion that academics get to have into a real-world setting."
“No, Abby, I don’t. I think you and I have had too much wine and I need to get you home to your fiancé. We can’t have you hung-over at your rehearsal.”
4. Fifty-Fifty
I loved putting Mitchell's survey up last week and decided I couldn't let him have all the fun! Here are some things you might want to learn about me!
Sometimes we do see. Sometimes we see the hurting, and the broken, and the bruised. Sometimes we say to ourselves: Hey, we should be like Jesus and try to help them. Sometimes they ask for help and you see an opportunity.
We love her so much
Today, after two months of playing musical phones, I went online again and found a phone number for billing support and dialed in via Skype. The computer asked for my phone number, which I keyed in. Then it looked up my record and after a few more touch tone answers, connected me to a very helpful woman. She asked for my email address and said she’d email me a copy of my overdue bill. Only she misheard the email address and sent it into the ether. But, she’d told me the amount of the last bill. A key piece of information recognized by their computer system! With this data I was able to finally register online and access my account.
Much love xx
This is not the first time care for the elderly has been shown to do anything BUT the job description – caring.
In infinite gratitude,
It's good to be back. I know I've been quiet lately--there's something about December into January that always throws me off of my rhythm. The lack of sun, the cold weather, the over abundance of family drama surronding the holidays all lead to me feeling blah for most of Dec. & Jan. Over the years I've learned to cut myself some slack and be patient with my doldrums.
Go! Go! Sports Girls knows how important it is to exercise everyday, eat healthy foods, get a good night’s sleep of 9 to 10 hours and to appreciate and be true to yourself! Go! Go! Sports Girls want to teach girls to Dream Big and Go For It!
The basic story (for those who don’t know) is that Barnabas Collins (Johnny Depp) was the son of a fishing magnate. The family travelled from Liverpool to New England, when Barnabas was a child, and founded the town of Collinsport. One of their servants, Angelique (Eva Green), fell in love with Barnabas but, despite a dalliance with her, he was in love with one Josette DuPres (Bella Heathcote). Angelique, however, was a witch. She killed his parents and then caused Josette to throw herself from a cliff into the sea and turned Barnabas into a vampire as he threw himself off the same cliff (I actually thought it might have been nice to make his suicide the source of the vampirism, but nevermind). She then had him captured by an angry mob and chained in a coffin that was then buried in the woods – cut to the 1970s and workmen dig up the coffin.
Elephantine awakenings sprout
"As I traveled here, I met another Skald who told me the tale of a warrior living in the woods of Lanburh. He also carried a spear such as you described. It's holder is a mighty bandit, known for his many forays into the Welshlands. It is said that, with the spear you describe, he slew two hundred men at the Battle of Cliffington. He is said to have escaped the bear-pit of the King of Kent only by seducing his daughter."
I heard this story the other night. It was about an older couple. They have lived their lives. They made it to the end. I don’t know the exact details of how they lived their lives, but this story is telling of the love they shared…We’ll call the wife Rose and the husband Bud.
There again, perhaps it was actually just largely ignored by the radio DJs for other reasons, but I find that staggeringly hard to believe for a single so good. "Shake Hands With The Devil" is a piece of mod soul which seems from the very first play as if you've known it all your life - and whilst this may be because it falls back on a few cliched riffs here and there (the "Mustang Sally" descend, for example) it's also swings thrillingly. The organ screeches, the vocalists scream, whilst beneath a steady, nagging rhythm maintains law and order. It's the kind of raw and dancefloor friendly sound you'd expect from a single emerging from the USA at this time, but amazingly Patterson's People actually stemmed from the incredibly dull Aylesbury, whose only real claim to fame to this day is being Bill Drummond's retirement town.
but what if i'm different? what if it works opposite for me because i have such incredible orgasms now.
The studies out of mid-continent U.S. and Britain found that shallow, man-made tremors may be linked to the blasting of water, sand and chemicals deep underground to break open rock to obtain crude oil and natural gas.
The Abominable Dr. Phibes should solidly be considered a Vincent Price vehicle. He steal every scene in his own indomitable way. The other characters, particularly the doomed medical staff, are caricatures of real people with their evil and/or perversity serving as their only character aspect. That is not to say the film is a cheapo, one trick pony. Price alone is well worth the price (pardon the pun) of admission. Fans of gory, modern days revenge trash like Saw need to watch The Abominable Dr. Phibes to see how its done right..
If they would approach you, you’d spurn their advances anyways. So these guys retaliate by making you feel uncomfortable. Some guys even go to the extent of snapping pictures of pretty women on their cell phones just to annoy them.
Enough now of promoting Hoylake as a tourist resort, here are the cards:
Outstanding trait: Eager to bring others to Jesus
Chartier also talked about how HC and its teams are constantly in the know on what college women are interested in visually. They post new banners at the top of the website almost weekly or monthly depending on holidays or if they launched a new partnership. When they announced a month and a half ago that HC had joined with Contiki, a college aged travel company, to begin a partnership, they had a new banner up that day. They are definitely on top of their game when it comes to their audience. There is almost nothing on their website that I myself, as a college aged woman, am not interested in, at least a little bit. This is why I believe they are so successful and keep moving up the latter each day.
(John 10:25-27 (NIV))
At the moment, Josh and I are happy wanderers getting ready for a big adventure.
I've been trying to transfer my blogger feed to the new site, so if any of you got this (or Friday's Foto Felicity) in your google reader today, would you please let me know?
Other than that, just work work work. I've taken on lots of new responsibilities, and I am now in charge of corralling the personal shoppers and making sure everyone is hitting their goals. It's fun, though. I love our personal shoppers!
And although I made it through the five miles, it was a pretty mentally draining feat of strength.
I didn't get it, being only seven years old. But she was a big baby, just shy of ten pounds. When my mama returned from the hospital one grey afternoon, I remember running alongside our yellow Datsun as they slowly drove through the driveway to the back of the house. My cousins ran alongside me. We were excited.
Just a reminder that I am now posting on our new family blog. I want to keep this space a special place just for Ethan and Alexis. So check us out for all things Mishler! (especially for Isaac updates) The new site link is here. Our Family Blog
An envelope of a shape you like.
My dad loved and was very touched with the flannel strip quilt I made a few weeks ago! Is is a bit of a techi and enjoys a good challenge, so we gave him a Kindle Touch. Both gifts, as well as having all of us with him together, made his Christmas!
Sure. I'm agressively desired by women all over the world. (Ha! This is MY meme and ya gotta take MY answers at face value, ok?)
This is a political year and there are some 600,000 public offices up for election throughout the nation. Though it is not widely known, the majority of Americans self-identify as politically conservative. For them Craig Copland has written the 2012 Conservative Election Handbook: Everything You Need to Know to Elect Conservatives from Dog Catcher to President ($14.95, available in various e-reader formats at www.conservawiki.com and elsewhere). This is an excellent book that covers all aspects of planning, running, and winning an election. (It’s even available for free if you are a conservative running for office.) While its purpose is to elect conservatives, this book is so thorough that, it must be said, a liberal candidate would benefit just as much from it. I have seen a number of such books over the years and this qualifies as one of the best.
Close to the memorial is one of the most famous parts of the Berlin Wall located, the East Side Gallery. The East Side Gallery is a 1.3 km long remaining part of the Berlin Wall containing over a hundred mural paintings form artists all over the world. It is the largest open-air gallery in the world and contains very famous artworks like Dimitrji Vrubel´s “The Mortal Kiss”.
A flower on the windowsill
:: held babies that aren't mine and felt amazing amounts of love...
I'll be using the book depository to purchase said book, so the contest is open internationally as long as they ship to your country.
No matter whether a good individual don’t must find the offer, my spouce and i even so interest in order to say to my own engagement ring men and women, “Isn’t gives precious? Wait until you find out more this program I have been on this website.
My husband wishes that I was (c:
If there is one thing I do more than any other thing on every single day, it is taking Maddox down OFF the table. That little monkey climbs and climbs. And since we've taken out the carpet around our dining room table, he can now push the chairs out and climb on them to get ON the table, which is his sole mission in life. He knows there's a lot of fun stuff up there that mom hasn't put away. He has drawn all over Kelsey's school assignments, tipped over water cups, and strewn napkins all over the place. It's literally driving me and Ben bonkers.
I’m starting a new teaching job in the fall, my first gig out of the house in a long time, and finding time to write will be more challenging. I’m not that worried though, because I feel like parenting has taught me more about using my time well more than anything else has. It makes me think of the movie Limitless. Bradley Cooper plays a character who discovers a pill that allows you to use a hundred percent of your brain. I had this thought when I saw it: Pill? Just give someone a couple of kids and a cup of strong coffee. And watch what they do.
The journey that we started 6 years ago TODAY changed our lives... there were really, really bad and dark times... but there were also very uplifting, loving, and hysterically funny times. There were moments that we didn't think it could get any worse, followed almost immediatly by a wink, or a gentle hand squeeze, or the look that Jeff and I give each other when nobody else exists in the world... it is just us... together... in perfect love... knowing that things would be alright.
Silence
Heat the wine and water in a large pan with a few tbsp. sugar, the fruit, and spices until the sugar is dissolved and steam is rising. DO NOT BOIL. We don't want the alcohol to evaporate!
What about the U.S. Constitution? What about the American taxpayers, who pay for FAO’s projects while we have cuts to our Social Security?
I wish I were him.
It’s all about the friendly customer service, right? I must admit that late in my shift, I’m not so much feeling that. Nevertheless, when a couple of women approached my desk this evening, I looked up and pasted on a helpful smile. “Did you need something?”
E:i like my daddy because sometimes he brings me to school and that makes me happy
Once again something from Lake Norman area of Charlotte. I'm about to wrap up my drinking of oktoberfests and pumpkin beers, but I figured it's good to get a local one in there. Light haze to accent the amber color (they must love amber up here). I get a light rush of pumpkin flavor and nutmeg, very nice. Good mouthfeel with a low hops in the finish. This is one of the better pumpkin ales I've had in this season. Or it could be that Red Oak is messing me up. Either way, 3 Stars.
So, the rules are:
Here is what the law should be: If your job is to take a bullet for another man, you have the right to go whoring the night before you might get shot — as long as you get a good night’s sleep and a shower afterward. (After all, we don’t want you all sleepy and sticky when you’re supposed to be protecting The Eagle). I don’t even mind if you use my taxpayer dollars for it. I’d even pay more taxes if it went into a “whores for the troops” fund. If you are in the military or the secret service, and you are not on duty at that moment, what’s the big fucking deal?
get our materials. We thought we would get them about 3:00, and then we would
The high point of this book is its world. There's nothing quite like it and I found it more and more interesting as the story progressed on. Although the whole story is set in a huge megastructure there is a lot of diversity in various levels that we see throughout the tale. Each level seems to contain its own genetically deformed humanoids and creatures of all kinds. The completely bleak art style gives a great representation of how massive and broken down this whole thing is. Apparently Nihei finished the school for architects so he knows how buildings work and his knowledge really shines here. The only thing that bothered me sometimes here is that sometimes the shading is so dark that you can't really tell what's going on but that could be due to bad scanning (some volumes aren't really scanned top notch).
Every female who is born into this life, no matter her station,
Copywork, dictation, oral and written narrations, nature study, short lessons, and a history timeline are all things we're keeping. We'll also be using lots of workbooks on various subjects since W likes them. Trips to the library will be more frequent and of course lots of field trips and classes all around NYC. We'll do more projects and hands-on stuff. We will now cover a topic as in-depth as we like without feeling we must move on to stay on track with the curriculum.
I know in time this will get better. What scares me is trusting in somebody else’s WORDS later on down the road. Because, come on people, we all need to hear we are special, we are important, we matter, we are loved. We NEED to hear those things to confirm everything we feel about ourselves. And if someone is saying it, it MUST be true, right? So it’s not even that I’m afraid I won’t trust in it. I’m afraid I WILL, all too easily, and get burned again.
From being sad and grieved
In all honesty, I am sorry to hear about your mother ... but the issue has been avoided from your side of things months before, you've had plenty of opportunities to set things right. As for chilling out ... I'm actually quite calm, I've had sleepless nights (in the past) knowing the effort that I made for this book only to feel like I've been abused, I feel like a damn fool when I've promoted the book in various forums.
The No Points for Style Bad Ass Blogger Award is given for just one thing: bloggish bad-assery. If you read my blog, you know how highly I value honesty – the kind where a blogger spills her or his guts in such a way that we all remember that we’re never, ever alone in the world. This award is for bloggers who write posts that cut right to the heart of the human experience. It doesn’t have to be tragic or devastating or earth-shattering (though it may be); it just has to be real.I earned the privilege of wearing this badge with this post about the heinous PPD experience I had after the birth of my son. My guts are still hanging out all over the place from that post, and I'm proud to be "Bad Ass." So, thanks again Adrienne. No Points For Style is a highly recommended read for anybody who is affected by a child with mental illness, or anyone who wants to understand mental illness from an honest and raw inside perspective that is beautifully, poignantly written.
I gave up all those things as well. When I finally got around to considering my options for the new year, I realized just how much I had neglected for work. I had fallen into complacency with all the other components of my life. I tried to avoid certain demons, only to run into a whole set of other ones. I think I picked tunnel vision over balance because my fears were generally conjured over my career goals.
"I told myself I would NEVER have a blog, but after seeing all the wonderful cards that others' had, I just had to make a blog myself and share my cards - so here I am. I grew-up a dairy farmer in Alliance Ohio (if the name Yoder doesn't give it away) and I miss the country and farming very much. I love to make cards with a farm theme or cows on them. I have a WONDERFUL husband and two beautiful step-children and also a super cute three-legged dog named Buttons (she lost her leg because of a tractor accident) but she doesn't even know she's missing a leg; she runs so fast and is just an amazing, loving puppy. Thanks for stopping by and looking at my cards and for any comments left. It really is an honor."
The man looked peaceful except for the growing pool of dark blood haloing his head, and of course the mess where his face had been, but in Mackinson’s opinion that was a decided improvement. He pocketed the camera. He never questioned Bartleby's instructions, nor asked for reasons. Of course he presumed there must have been a reason why Bartleby wanted this man dead, but not knowing what it might be Mac added a couple of his own for good measure. Anyone who called themselves "Bubba" and wore white socks with brown loafers deserved all they got, he mused. And anyone who did that to a woman …
It’s a punk kid. I don’t typically like little kids, especially when they sound like Black Star, whose voice is perhaps even more annoying than Rin’s (when he’s screaming). The kid is constantly belting out macho proverbs his missing dad taught him, and he gets a crush on Izumo after saving her life in the sea. But while there was a lot of build-up to the big bad of the week, the kraken turned out to be domesticated, completely deflating whatever peril the episode had. In short, if this series can keep it to two filler eps per half, it should still be okay. Rating: 3
The East Coast...
Naturally, if this ploy works the net result will be to drive "progressive" voters away from the NDP and towards the Liberals. Hence, the anti-Rae ad is really about strengthening the weaker Liberals and weakening the stronger NDP.
1467 D-V/4(B)/2003. “The ‘Shakespearean’ John Wilkes Booth’s Abraham Lincoln.” Basic Program Weekend Conference, The University of Chicago, Illinois Beach Resort, Zion, Illinois.
They might not come together as quickly as I would like. Who knows, I might not even finish before the leaves fall, but there's a lot of GOOD stuff in between the "before" and the "after"!
There are so many more examples like this one but the one that's really got my blood boiling lately is the party circuit. There are so many rules it's out of control.
Owls are in style once again. My mother-in-law collected them way back and just took down her collection a few years ago.
Spurs relieved their supporters with a workmanlike 2-0 home victory over Blackburn Sunday. Now, two huge matches await: home to Bolton and away to Aston Villa. Should Spurs go 2-0 this week, they look very good to claim the final Champions League spot over Newcastle and Chelsea. A slip-up now, however, and they could miss even Europa League play next season.
After all this Evel Knievel, i think i'm going to put this record back into it's frame. And who knows, i might actually hang it up on the wall this time....
Goose: To stuff treats in.
Do share :)
So what can be done?
I will be the first to admit that conservative Christianity as a whole has poorly adapted to cultural change, has failed to address many social problems, and has overlooked many unreached people groups. However, we need to adapt to modern culture without losing our historical identity. We need to address social problems without losing our primary focus on personal spirituality. We need to reach a diverse world without losing our unity in Christ.
Heat up wok and put in a tablespoon of vegetable oil. Saute shallots and fresh turmeric until fragrant. Add pork belly. Fry until they are cooked. Add tomato sauce, light soya sauce, salt to taste, cashew nuts and pineaple. Serve with steamed rice.
Which I liked and was happy with...until I got it on the wall. I let just one of them sit on the wall for a day to see if it would grow on me. It just looked ... kind of blah with the color of my wall and the rest of my decor.
“Just humor me sir. Were there many explosions in the movie?”
Oh, well. So much for that whole thing.
There hasn't been a day in 20 years that I haven't thought of him, so, for my friend Dan, I play this song, as I do every year.
Have a wonderful Christmas and a great New Year!
I'm so addicted to 6x6 paper pads right now. They are just so cute that I just have to have them!!! They are perfect for card making as well as scrapbooking!
This past week, I've been thinking hard about what he said.
Other Notable Exclusions:
I read this as part of the classics month challenge hosted by Katherine of November's Autumn. I haven't done the prompt yet which is about the period of the book. I think it would be fairly interesting to discuss but not sure if I will manage it this month. See what my schedule is like when I get it tomorrow. Otherwise, I highly recommend this classic. Don't be fooled by the frivolous sound of the blurb. Oh, and yes, this is another Vintage classics cover.
Kitchen Witch--Please email your address so I can send Teeny's vintage lemon coin purse.
I am not going to! I know many of you have also received these awards, and some of you do not wish to accept them, so I have decided to have a five prize giveaway instead!
The whole wide world will know (repeat chorus).
As if being small and having S. Horten as his name isn't bad enough, now 10-year-old Stuart is forced to move far away from all his friends. But on his very first day in his new home, Stuart's swept up in an extraordinary adventure: the quest to find his great-uncle Tony--a famous magician who literally disappeared off the face of the earth--and Tony's marvelous, long-lost workshop. Along the way, Stuart reluctantly accepts help from the annoying triplets next door… and encounters trouble from another magician who's also desperate to get hold of Tony's treasures.
I'm going to be taking a short blog break to really concentrate on my wip. I attended my writer's retreat this weekend, and I got some wonderful plot suggestions during my manuscript critique that I can't wait to start applying. Time to put my nose to the grindstone! I'll be back soon to blog about my fantastic retreat experience!
The invitations…
relaxed.
Nationally, that comes to $190 billion a year in additional medical spending as a result of obesity, calculated Cawley, or 20.6 percent of U.S. health care expenditures.
JON STEWART: President Obama, Part 2 The Avengers Vs The Pentagon Straight Men and Their Sexual Fantasies Monty Python – The Spanish Inquisition Keith Judd Enters the National Dialogue The Young and the Restless – Lauralee Bell and Michael Damian President Obama Introduces a To-Do List for Congress
And then, there was the ring problem... at precious events, I'd scattered my rings on dessert platters. But I wanted something more professional, more unique - so I set to work. The idea of using an old shoe hit me - totally wacky, so it was perfect! I had these old cheap shoes that I never wore, so I spray painted one. Then I used upholstery foam, fabric and hot glue to put it all together and it turned out pretty neat!
Isn’t the choice to allow this behavior up to the pub owner and the customer? Shouldn’t we allow individuals the right to choose whether to kill themselves or not? Customers who don’t like it can go elsewhere, right?
Guess she gave you things I didn't give to you.
the bruises beneath my eyes,
Ok, so my sister and I are kicking off our second Challenge today and I have to say this one is a bit harder. We are actually doing Dr. Ian Smith’s 4 Day Diet. Now, I have tried a few fad diets in college but I typically avoid them because I do not think they are a balanced way to help with a lifestyle change but rather an unhealthy way to lose weight fast. However, this diet seems different and is not a “crash diet” at all but a comprehensive look into yourself, the foods/portions we eat and the amount of exercise we do and my sister and I really wanted to give it a try.
1 large yam, cut into 2” cubes
Here’s a thing. Why is it still called royal? Can that not just be dropped? Just call it the Irish Academy. It even sounds better anyway.
L.Q.Y.G. group members were extremely excited to hear about the opportunity to take part in the Sex Factor Ideas competition. Our youth workers were very impressed by their enthusiasm to get involved in the project and the creative way in which they were thinking about getting their ‘better sexual and emotional health message’ across.
- *Deadline*: Monday, May 14, 2012
ok I only had long hair, it was liberating to feel the wind
With my conscience, I support the Reproductive Health bill. But I am a Roman Catholic and my Church strongly opposes RH bill.
celebrities that masturbate
much?”
On Monday or maybe Tuesday, a delivery guy came who was from neither FeEx nor UPS. Everyone in the office (which is small and open; your business is my business) flocked around the reception desk to see what was in the GIANT box the mysterious delivery guy had brought.
In complete contrast, yesterday I piled on the sunscreen and strolled along the walkway to the Westpac Stadium in my shorts to see our local heros win a ding-dong match 4-2. I had one of the best seats in the stadium, right on the halfway line, and got $5 off the ticket price for being a student!
The first attempt was okay. The pops were cute, but I needed practice in shaping them and I also needed to practice my dipping technique.
again, over greening meadows in bright Spring wind?
Discerning the Voice of God was my introduction to Shirer’s writing and teaching, and I have to say, I want to read more. She speaks from the heart with conviction and confidence. Her teaching is to the point and simple, bringing clarity not creating confusion. Her passion for the Lord and His truth comes through in her writing.
There are 3 more packages to be installed.
Which is why there will be no more turning of blind eyes from me, or resigned shrugs. We need someone speaking for all of London, not just the Balkanised segments whose votes he craves. We’ve held our noses before, but not this time. I’ve seen Ken being Ken up close; it’s why I’m voting for Boris Johnson.'That's Dan Hodges a former Ken Livingstone team member writing in The Telegraph.
Fruit based pies are super easy, and largely can be designed by the person making them. There’s no exact proportions of ingredients, no defined measurements. It’s something that you can make into your own. And like me discover that just about every fruit will taste good in pie.
First with the news of Allergan's triumph is the Irish Examiner, which reports on yesterday's High Court ruling of Mr Justice Brian McGovern that Dublin company Ocean Healthcare infringed Allergan's BOTOX trade mark when it used BOTOINA in one of its cosmetic products. Also alleging passing off, Allergan sought injunctive relief and damages.
The church seems to be very Anglo-Catholic, but I’m not very good at telling these things: the seven windows in the east wall depict the seven sacraments; there are votive candles and Stations of the Cross; a tabernacle above the high altar in the sanctuary; and even a statue of St Joan of Arc!
Shape the potatoes into a mound with a well in the middle. Crack the egg in the center and pour 1 cup flour over the potatoes. Begin mixing together and once the flour has been incorporated, add the other 1 cup flour, adding more until it is no longer tacky.
and hopefully back here!
The guest host may be the face of any given SNL episode, and he or she may make a big difference in terms of how successful the episode is, but ultimately it is up to the cast and the writers to determine if any particular episode is going to be a classic or not. Hosts on the level of Jon Hamm and Zach Galifianakis can wring a few laughs out of mediocre premises, but it helps if the material is good in the first place. Miley Cyrus was not among the very best hosts of the season, but she was perhaps the luckiest, arriving as she did on a week in which the cast and writers were clearly invigorated. There were essentially no duds in the sketch lineup, and several strong performances were delivered from across the cast: Kenan as apl.de.ap and Raven Symoné, Andy as Taboo, Fred as Richie Inez, Jr., Bobby as Anthony Crispino, Bill as Charlie Sheen, Vanessa as Miley Cyrus, and Taran as Francois.
Globalism today enjoys a predominance in East Asia that is both monolithic and superficial. Although it has a stronger hold on the elites and on the general population than in the West, this adherence has no deep roots in the underlying culture. In the West, by contrast, globalism has been grafted onto a pre-existing tradition that is much more compatible. There is notably Christianity and its commitment to mission work throughout the world. There is also the emotional heritage of imperialism and colonialism. Although the West lost its colonies more than a half-century ago, many Westerners still feel connected to them and responsible for them.
Writing has been a way of playing truant from the work of the world, or the way the world works. Other than the very occasional book review, I’ve never written anything to commission, certainly not poems or stories, nor do I think I could do so – it would be a job, which is what writing isn’t. Last year I went to a writers’ place on an island in the Baltic where I had nothing to do for a whole month but write, and I came home with a few paragraphs, no more; the rest was walks by the sea, saunas, talking, watching films – in other words, in a situation where I’m supposed to be writing, I play truant even from that.
The guys showed up bright and early at 9am bundled up against the cold weather.
Not sure you get the "picture", but it's the best I could do to describe it.
I find all of that maddening. In America, patriotism is more visible and of course July 4th is a national holiday with family parties, sports events and fireworks. Throughout the year you will see the stars and stripes fluttering from flagpoles on some of the remotest properties.
It’s your responsibility to charge your phone at night. While you sleep. Like 99.9999% of every one else.
Just enjoyed our usual New Year's Day walk around Greenwich Park on this unusually mild winter's day at 12c. We came into the park close to the Henry Moore sculpture (called 'Knife Edge'?) and made our way down the hill, with our kids on their little bike and scooter.
What did you guys think of Hunger Games? If you experienced any other unusual side effects, please let me know in the comments below.
it that hard to call or a leave a message to send?
From somewhere upstairs...a high-pitched scream. Natalie barely heard it over the roar of the trembling cabin.
All this time, through the stupid shit that is inevitably part of growing up and keeping on, I had moved forward. Its hard to track age, when it hasn’t really shown up on our faces or in our joints yet, but this has shown me the difference between me, and people in my generation like Sinead. In adversity we can either be victims or survivors. It’s really that simple. Sinead is still in msny ways a teenager, living with her parents, and taking the back seat on life’s major decisions. When something didn’t work out, why should it be her fault? Why should she have to stomach that something she wanted was out of her grasp unless she left her comfortable, climate controlled bubble?
I have to stop writing now , but I promise I shall not stop shouting out because I have just started now.
And it is applied to shoplifting. So much so that people who grab a soda while shopping, have it in the cart, and miss getting it scanned will be arrested. Even if they have the money and have NO PROBLEM whatsoever paying for it. They admit they missed it. Sure, there may be the occasional person who is trying to get away with something. But on the whole, when someone isn’t going out of their way to hide anything and are happy to take care of it when they see it themselves or when someone says, you missed something, I don’t think they are intentionally trying to steal anything.
The description on the website says it as well as I could:
Baking paper
I like a lot of pretty pretentious music, admittedly. But a little straightforwardness goes a long way. Which is why, amidst an otherwise so-so dream pop record, NPL drop this total crusher of a piano-based love song. The chorus is just "I love you/I love you/Truly, madly deeply." What more is there to say? Can't wait until I can play this for someone special. I hope maybe you can.
Still, Kony’s a bad guy, and he’s been around a while. Which is why the US has been involved in stopping him for years. U.S. Africa Command (AFRICOM) has sent multiple missions to capture or kill Kony over the years. And they’ve failed time and time again, each provoking a ferocious response and increased retaliative slaughter. The issue with taking out a man who uses a child army is that his bodyguards are children. Any effort to capture or kill him will almost certainly result in many children’s deaths, an impact that needs to be minimized as much as possible. Each attempt brings more retaliation. And yet Invisible Children funds this military intervention. Kony has been involved in peace talks in the past, which have fallen through. But Invisible Children is now focusing on military intervention.
41Joshua overcame them from Kadesh-barnea to Gaza, and all the land of Goshen as far as Gibeon.
Okra is one of my wife favourite vegetables and she would buy it often from the wet market. This sambal dish is very suitable for vegetarian nasi lemak (coconut milk rice).
“An Evangelistic Meeting. Pattern your program after that of a modern revival meeting. A live leader of song should have charge of the music. The songs should be songs of soul-winning. Have a number of church-members to give brief testimonies and urge the young people to make decisions for Christ. The minister should be invited to make a closing exhortation and hear the confessions of faith, if such is the usual order. Personal work prior to the meeting itself will make it more effective in every way” (James DeForest Murch, Successful C.E. Prayer-Meetings (Cincinnati, OH: The Standard Publishing Company, pp. 66-67).
Welcome to the fourth edition of The Pulse -- The State of the Art -- a survey in words and pictures of the online artist community. Nearly 150 artists have answered a list of questions which make up The Pulse. Their responses will be presented as a series of online and print projects. Secret Sunday was the first project and the links to all the secrets can be found on the sidebar of my blog. The Book Guild is the second project and Chapter 5 starts right now!
Be arrogant if you wish. Look down on others and treat them poorly, if you wish. But realize that if you do so, you’re only allowing your own inner weaknesses to shine through, and you’re not fooling anyone. Not the people around you, who hold you in disdain, not God who made you and loves you and knows all about you, and not yourself. And for those who must deal with arrogance on a regular basis, please keep in mind that arrogant people treat you poorly only because they’re needier than you, and they haven’t yet admitted to themselves that they are needy. They need and deserve your compassion, not your anger.
As I look out my window tonight, all I see is blowing snow. I can hardly see across the street! We've had an unprecedented amount of snow here in the lovely northeast. This is 'crippling' storm number 3 and we're expected 12-24 inches of snow on top of the snow already on the ground. Personally, I love the snow. Except it always makes me long for the boys.
The aroma has a weird peppery flavor from the yeast mixed with a caramel/nutty malt note, hard to describe but I liked it. Alcohol is nicely integrated but very noticeable. Mouth feel is silky smooth with a little more body than you would expect from a beer this dry. It even has pretty good head retention. Should be even better after another month or so in the cellar. I might even save a few of the 12 ounce bottles for a competition.
Black and white cardigan with pockets, Mossimo (thrifted). Orange T, Merona. Jeans, Lucky.
"Oooh...pretty purple shoes! I looooove those!"
Then raging floodwater will not reach them.
So do modern day Leftists find a superior spirituality in pagan pre-Christian religions such as the religions of the American Indians? Mussolini was there before them (Smith, 1967, p. 100).
Obviously I had to eavesdrop. What was I overhearing? Who are these people? WTF?
The river is famous to the fish.
3/4 cup pistachios, coarsely chopped
…I snapped a picture of k with a giant rooster. That’s really nothing out of the ordinary, folks.
1 tsp kala masala(goda masala)
I just kept repeating, “Almost 19 stone”, Rowan turned to me and said,
Bonus Miles
A yearning to recover lost innocence, to attain a state
ABOUT THE MOVIE
To make matters worse, over the last couple of weeks I've had the chance to work in one of the boutiques and have tried on, and consequently fallen in love with, several pieces.
Flap, flap, flap, flap went my wings, and feathers went all over my bed.
and it predicted the volcanic ash clouds that shut down the European skies.
In our office we promote nutrition as part of our wellness program. If the body doesn’t get what it needs in the way of nutrients, then the cells it produces are of lesser quality. This means that the body that is being regenerated is actually deteriorating quite quickly in some cases. Cells reproduce exact copies of themselves, therefore when a cell is of lesser quality-it reproduces lesser quality cells. This process continues and is responsible for aging.
Green restaurant napkins: Thrifted
*Zizou, aka my friend and traveling companion, not Zinedine Zidane.
Fashion a trellis out of some flexible sticks and ornamental grass blades or twine. Ribbons would be pretty, too.
This one-act opera tells the story of the Roman Emperor Scipio Africanus, who, in a dream, awakens to find two goddesses before him: Fortune and Constancy. He must choose one or the other to guide him through life. Dazed by their enticements and threats, Scipio calls up his dead forebears for guidance in making this important and dangerous choice. April 11- 21. $30, $75 and $125.
36-38 The Calls
We had a warm streak in early spring and now we are at the end of April and it’s been much cooler. It hasn’t gotten above 65f for almost 2 weeks. Strange weather but spring in NJ is always a surprise.
When I was in San Francisco this past weekend, I was able to visit the Wildflower Linen showroom in Potrero Hill. Thanks so much, Lily, for taking time out of your busy weekend (AND day off) to show me your beautiful linens. I really appreciate it. Needless to say, I was in love with all the colors and fabrics! :)
The pair of hands at my boobs moved down and grabbed my hips. I obligingly lowered them and felt another cock begin to slide into my pussy. I quickly got myself into a rhythm; back, slowly impaling myself on the cock underneath me, forward, taking as much of the other cock into my mouth as was possible.
We can't do that now, as Nippit needs her turn out. If let Nippit out when Dammit is out she goes right for hind quarters. Just like the furious little Nippit she is.
*Hopefully it's one of those! (with a smile)
The neighbour muttered something under her breath and rushed down the stairs. Neither one of us was ready to go downstairs, leaving the others.
Someone from our church had stopped me on my way out the door. I was only about 5 years old and she was waiting in the car for me. My Dad had pulled the car around to the front of the church so she didn’t have to walk far (he catered to her every whim his entire life) and had gotten out for some reason. One of the ladies at church, Mrs. Anderson stopped me and told me I had the most beautiful curly hair she had ever seen. I was over the moon! I remember skipping to the car because I thought it would make my hair bounce a little bit more and I imagined Mrs. Anderson watching me and being green with envy. I’m sure that didn’t happen, but in my 5 year old psyche, it was a picture I wanted to hold onto. I piled in the car so fast, I wasn’t accustomed to such compliments and I just needed to share it. When I told my mother about the compliment I had just received I felt like I was glowing all over. My mother turned around and looked at me sitting in the back seat of our car and said, “Mrs. Anderson feels sorry for you.” She turned back around facing the front of the car and we never said a word after that, we just waited for my Dad. I remember being very quiet the whole ride home. I was studying myself, looking for that glaring problem I must have that would stir such sympathy in someone. For more than 50 years, every time somebody complimented me on my curly hair, I thought I had a knife in my head.
One theme that is highly present throughout novels 9, 10, and 11 is parallels. While we had previously been shown a different alien, time traveler, and esper, there was no comparison for Haruhi until Sasaki came along. Their personalities are quite different, but their outward appearance is remarkably similar. Each differs from society’s norms, each is highly intelligent, and each attracts a lot of male attention, but they are truly different people once you get to know them better. Haruhi thrives on being rash and outwardly challenging; Sasaki logically evaluates the benefits of each outcome before pursuing one. One of my favorite lines to translate from novel 11 was “What would happen if Haruhi and Sasaki seriously joined forces?” because the two of them unified for a goal would guarantee a desired outcome.
BYOB - bring your own braces
Almost all of the Pythons checked out of the Gleneagles rather quickly, in favour the Imperial Hotel down the road. But John Cleese stayed on for weeks, and even invited his then wife Connie Booth to join him and marvel at their host.... and comedy gold was born!
Now, I had thought about the consequences, but as I could barely smell it anymore, had a fan going, and (most importantly) was too lazy to move the machine, I decided I would risk it.
With no disrespect intended the fact remains that the community living bureaucracy, including the current occupant of the Ombudsman's office, doesn't have a clue about what is required to move severely autistic adults out of psychiatric hospital and general hospital ward care and into modern residential care and treatment facilities. They refuse to consider meaningfully any ideas which conflict with their tired community living ideology, an ideology which began around the time my childhood heroes Neil Armstrong and Buzz Aldrin walked on the moon. It is an ideology whose adherents have remained inflexible and dogmatic in their thinking. It is an ideology whose adherents have failed, despite years of the highest level of influence in our government institutions, to help the most severely disabled autistic adults.
There seems to be quite a bit of concern regarding Kundalini activation in the body. Individuals ask if it can be dangerous if awakened abruptly or before the body and mind are prepared. I can only speak from my own experience. For me, the sensations in the spine came on very gently for me…so gently that I was not able to associate anything with it. It seemed strangely familiar, and quite pleasureable, but I did not know how to maintain it. I felt like I was walking on air for a couple of weeks or so…until it went away…for years.
So this week we're trying the original system again. Get all your chores done and spend a couple hours in free electronic time--computer, DS, TV, or movie.
The only way this could ever work is if DNA had a quantum attribute, and it does. All our teaching for more than 10 years has told you that the 90 percent of DNA that is non-encoded and considered “junk” is a quantum instruction set. Therefore, the DNA molecule must have some quantum attributes yet to be discovered, but that are very real and have to do with instructions to the chemistry of more than three billion parts of the DNA molecule. This is especially true to the gene-producing chemistry of the protein-encoded parts. For simplicity, I tell you that DNA is actively dynamic and can change the reality of everything you think of as “normal.”
This list is not exhaustive, and all submissions related to distance education in the schools sector in New Zealand, Australia and other Pacifica countries will be considered.
People often have double standards when it comes to acceptance. Parents, partners, and even some friends often want you to accept them as they are but get painfully embarrassed about some things you do. If like me, you’ve spent most of my life trying to be perfect, maybe it’s time to realize that it’s fine not to be. I don’t know when it started, but at the ripe old age of (almost) 32, husband-less, child-less and in varying degrees of imperfection, I’ve decided that it’s alright, and maybe that’s what makes a woman – just starting to be comfortable in your own skin. After all, this is the only skin you’re likely to have in your life, so might as well make yourself at home in it.
She is marvelously enthusiastic about reading, writing, and evaluating literature. Her speaking voice is exquisite and she had me chomping at the bit to return to a novel I previously couldn't read 50 pages of! This month's book? The Thousand Autumns of Jacob de Zoet by David Mitchell. Publisher's Weekly calls it a "big, dense historical ... with literary brawn and stylistic panache." Is that great? What a fabulous description. I think I'll hang on til May when I'll be going north to see family and devote the week to it. Have any of you read it yet? I'd love to hear what you think.
I am always looking for fun ways for students to practice making words during literacy centers. I like using colorful magnetic letters. It really seems to engage the students.
I felt inspired to come up with a wedding yarn, something that would either make a thoughtful and personal little gift for a bride-to-be who happens to be a knitter, or that could be knitted or crocheted into a wonderful little bridal bag or unique fiber art necklace to be worn at the wedding.
***WARNING!!! Before even thinking about proceeding below, please know that this post is not for the faint of heart. If you do not like spoilers, please leave immediately and go elsewhere on this domain. But if you do like spoilers, then grab some popcorn, sit back, and enjoy. This post has been marked with a Spoiler Alert Seal. Cautiously proceed at your own risk…
There’s no hot water
Her father stood there like a stone. Perhaps he was still confused.
“Nora...”
“If you’re not failing every now and again, it’s a sign you’re not doing anything very innovative.” Woody Allen
Even the Tarahumara tribesmen in the book, "Born to Run" wear hand-made Huaraches, constructed of car tire treads. While not "cushy," they still offer a large (1/2" thick rubber) degree of protection from rocks and "sharps" to the bottoms of the feet. Barefoot Ted, a character in the book, sustained somewhat "shredded" feet after 50-miles (on desert trails), while wearing his Vibram FiveFingers. And we've had local runners' break their little toes while wearing Vibram 5Fs on our rocky trails.
While there, these lovely rubber boots called out to me.
Delta Brainwave State (0.5-4 Hz)
Sloka 6 of Stanza 6, Book of Dzyan, went on to further contend:
But we still only have one set of hands each, and there are times, especially when Josh or I are on our own with them, when one hungry, tired, crying baby has to wait for us to finish tending to the other hungry, tired, crying baby. That happened to Evie, who wanted to get out of her Bumbo seat, the other day while I was trying to get Will fed and down for a nap. When I returned from putting Will in his crib, this is what I found:
It seems easy to look at these in authority who violate laws and point, but how different is the basic attitude with those lower in the political food chain?
“Oh, it’s beautiful!” Jessica exclaimed.
A makeover?
Now the real work began.
PB: Ah. That’s a bit disappointing.
Ann Cryer, a Labour member of the Commons Home Affairs Select Committee, has been at the forefront of attempting to tackle the problem after receiving complaints from mothers in her constituency about young Asian men targeting their under-age daughters.
'Hidden' is the first full studio album from this group of dutch lads, who retain their youthful exuberance and innocent energy, and delve deeper into their own sound. Moving slightly away from the afro-beat blueprint that characterized last year's self-titled debut LP, the nine-piece have added Gamelan tones and studio effects to their afro-funk template, as well as exploring other parts of Africa like Mali's desert soul and djembe rhythms from Senegal. After two years of playing, and having performed over 80 gigs last year, the group have settled in their own rhythm, and 'Hidden' sees them trying out new ideas and forms.
How do I know when it’s time to get an agent?
August 8, 2005
Drank milk- since all mammal moms give their babies milk
Well, we are at the end of the remodeling process for our kitchen. There are a few minor things that need to be done, but hopefully you don’t notice them in these pictures.
I 'disappeared' for the whole month of April! and lets not get into that part of the story;)
Charles eyed her up from top to bottom; she was wearing a red and black lace and satin bodice, which pushed up her breasts, enhancing her cleavage. The matching thongs barely covered her smooth waxed vagina – in fact, he was sure he could see a lip. The bodice and thongs were coupled with black suspenders and stockings, and the look was finished off with a pair of high-heeled black patent shoes. The whole ensemble drove him crazy – he could feel his penis rising, but now was not the right time, he thought – down boy!
This year is the 400th of the publication of the King James Bible in English - for a long time the most common English translation of the Bible. Whilst it remains popular, many of us now use a more modern translation. I like many of the modern translations, including the New Living Translation, the New International Version, the Good News Bible and others. Yet there are many peoples around the world who don't have a choice of translation as we do. Many don't even have one book of the Bible in their own language.
Grief over the death of her first-born son Thomas in 1817, turned Lucretia Mott’s thoughts increasingly to religion. In 1818 she made her first “appearance in the ministry” in Quaker meeting, & 3 years later she was officially recorded as a minister. It was an easy transition from the ministers’ gallery of a Friends’ meetinghouse to the public platform, from which she was presently speaking with a self-assurance, facility, & eloquence almost unknown among women in that day.
Welcome to the first day of the Spellbinders™ Spring Blog Hop! I’m so glad you’re here and get to see what I’ve come up with using many of my favorite Spellbinders die templates. When I start a project, my first thought is the overall message and vision, then I see what possible die templates can add patterns, labels, or embellishments to my layout. The new Bauble Blossoms One and Bauble Blossoms Two are meant to be rolled flowers with quilled centers, but for this layout, I liked the idea of leaving them cut and embossed as is, to create a pattern with them.
I would definitely buy from Ulla Popken. They have great styles and I think they cater to all age groups. It is hard to find a plus sized store that offers quality and such stunning style!
Carnival of Souls
The first few songs are disturbed and effected folk tunes, after which he begins to experiment, alternating between psych-pop themes and spiritual feeling sounds that feel genuine but never over the top. There is also a subtle tribal element to the predominantly floor tom-based drumming that really suits my fancy.
This week I wanted to go swimming and I prepared everything to go there. I got myself together and made my way to the pool on Tuesday… sadly, the pool has very weird opening hours and it was closed when I went. So I guess I’ll have to give it another chance next week. Monday and yesterday I was in the gym too doing my workout, but I have to say yesterday wasn’t such a good day. I did half of my workout and was very lazy and unmotivated. Just didn’t feel like exercising… I guess you also need some of those days. Tomorrow I’ll be back there and I’ll give it all.
Could I be an old scroll or far ahead of my time
A year ago, the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service declared the eastern cougar extinct, but sightings persist and the controversy continues about the possible presence of these large cats in the Eastern United States.
32. The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night Time - Mark Haddon
I wish I could say I didn’t know what this meant
bandana frock stuffed with smoke
The CNA in me made my hands take down the facts.........
That’s it, I’m leaving the car here, I can walk the rest of the way.
At first, I was kind of tongue tied, like, “Yeah, I guess that was pretty foolish, I teach pitching, so why would I want to know how to train people for functional strength?” And, to be honest, I continued to think about this most of Saturday, trying to justify why I just did that. As I came to my contemplative answer, I realized the very exact same reason I am working with Eric at all, is why I’m watching these DVDs on Friday night.
Francoise obligingly knocked the original print out of its frame and had the thing deep-scanned for me.
We will be spilling-over with the good things of God. We won’t be visitors; we will be Victors. We will receive His trophy. We will take turns calling, singing, shouting and laughing. Can you hear Him? Come and Worship.
sim ultaneously if only
It also lead me to think alot about my daughter and what she could accomplish if I was brave enough to set her out into the world with her own little business venture.
Drizzle continued to fall as we walked towards the main square. However, it seemed as thought the mist was thinning near the mountain tops.
There's a walk to practice whenever we walk. I feel that, as a leader, I have a lucky break in this. I can practice my walk slightly more discreetly than a follower. Who would tend to practice walking backwards. In high heels.
Panel: Social Media & Retail
Due to him playing at a time when football’s records and structure were not what they are today his goals tally is disputed. In officially recognised games his total is 805 goals in 530 matches. If we include matches not recognised by FIFA Bican’s total rises to an estimated 1468 in 918. By either measure he is easily one of the most prolific centre-forwards in the history of the game both in terms of total goals and goals ratio and is regarded by many as the leading goalscorer of all-time.
Eventually she left, and I followed him back into the treatment area.
The plot was gripping and engaging and kept me turning the pages, ready to discover what was really happening. Browne goes far beyond the typical historical/mythological treasure hunt thriller by seamlessly blending the mystery and thriller elements with the supernatural elements.
What about you – who’s got your vote? Should Ian Somerhalder or Alexander Skarsgard play the role of Christian Grey in 50 Shades of Grey?
How have you recruited the staff for your church?
The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society: This is an epistolary novel about the effects of World War II on the island of Guernsey, which was occupied by the Germans, and a little bit of London too. Letters between Juliet/Izzy, a journalist, and the residents of Guernsey tell the story of the German occupation and how the residents of Guernsey used their literary society and friendship to overcome those hardships. Eventually Juliet/Izzy decides to write a book about Guernsey island and moves there for several months. The characters are
-Why taking policies further that conservatives parrot (e.g., lower taxes, less regulations, relaxing of antitrust laws) will have a detrimental effect on the overall economy.
The day my journey began was fairly hectic, but nothing truly out of the ordinary. I had to stop in at Ontario Motor Sales on my way to work and have a piece of plastic siding installed on my car. The gentleman who drove me to work while my car was in the shop was Tom Gibney, former news anchor for CTV News! While the other woman carpooling with me had no idea who he was, I was very excited. I had seen him on the news for as long as I had remembered! He was very nice and quite handsome in that dapper old man kind of way. We spoke about parenting and grandparenting, he asked me when I was due and I told him not for another three weeks. When we got to work he wished me luck and went on his merry way.
Easter is the celebration of the miraculous. You might say, so is Christmas; and you would be right. Easter, however, differs from Christmas in several significant ways, for example, with Easter we celebrate God’s victory over death. The virgin birth has a very important place in the life of Jesus Christ but it would have little or no meaning if Jesus had not risen from the dead.
Akov: *stretches wings* Man, it's a good feeling.
First time for the last few days that I've had any! I've been so busy with pre-teens being extremely demanding, a sick baby and trying to get some time with the hubby that I nearly forgot what it was like to get 5 mins silence.
As you can see by my recent lack of blog posting, I have been EXTREMELY busy lately and haven't had much time to do anything other than work work work. The last time I was able to actually get out and do something was a few weeks ago when I tore myself away long enough to enjoy lunch with the fam at Old Chicago and it seems like an eternity ago! Here are a few pics from that day.......
This week is on its usual schedule. The big news is I got a diagnosis today of my elbow: torn muscle, probably no torn ligament. That's good news because it means no surgery and most likely a complete recovery. Apparently the normal recovery timespan is 3 months. That gives me about 5 weeks to go. I start physical therapy tomorrow. The pain has improved a lot in the last week or so, too.
So, rewind to March 2011…
Don’t be afraid to share that idea. I can imagine a world where I shared my thoughts without fear of ridicule. I think I could get a lot done. However, does everyone want to hear what I have to say?
This is its real value. Austin becomes a hub of creatives and engineers (and ad agency people, but not ruinously so) who’ve stockpiled their best ideas and most disruptive business plans for five days of passionate dialogue. There’s a refreshing lack of cynicism and ego, a first-week-of-school feeling to many of the conversations. And trends do pop up: this year it seems several panels emphasized going deeper with content, rather than amassing more bite-size bits. Or taking tech off-screen and putting it to social and civic use. And of course, how big brands are turning into media companies that will eat our lunch/milkshake/smoothie.
I have since sent an apology and message to Bast, asking forgiveness and another time set aside for the interview. If all goes well, and without gremlins, expect the interview tomorrow.
The struggles I endure
My daughter performed at the Relay for Life this morning. She was in two performances, costume change and all. I think she has been on stage more times in her mere 5 years than I have been in my entire life. She loves it and is quite a ham on stage. Here you go.....
deceive their obverse truths).
This skirt was an entirely different shape when I bought it. While preparing for this remix, I got a bug up my butt to turn this skirt (terrible photo - don't judge) into a pencil skirt. I even repositioned the side zipper... not very well, though, which is why I'm wearing a cardigan. To hide "the bump." I need to figure out how to fix that...
every project along the way!! Be sure to leave
p.m.
Well friends, August is over!
I had intended to walk down along the river, camera in hand, to take some photos of the beautifully ethereal atmosphere of the young leaves on the beech trees. However . . . someone (Miffy, the boys' mother) saw me going and decided she was going to come too, but she was complaining bitterly all the way until I turned round and retraced my steps. Here she is, yowling at me and telling me to Hurry Up! She is blind in one eye, but this doesn't seem to stop her hunting.
History, Literature, and Bible: Omnibus 1 & 2
Enough about me and mine. I wish you and yours a wonderful holiday season. I love that Hanukkah is overlapping Christmas this year; gonna fry up some latkes tonight. 2011 was a stinker of a year, but it went fast, ending (so far) with Boehner's bag o' toys of a cave-in.
I love you so much Aidan Christopher and words can not describe how much I miss you and wish you were still here with us.
To start it has a very nice orange/amber color which coincides with the citrus flavor. For an IPA it has a rather light bitterness which makes this beer very enjoyable and easy to drink. It also has a pretty nice hoppy finish and if you look closely you can see all the hops on the label.
Now it's Tavares.
I’d recommend this book to anybody who loves a bit of old-school horror, and fingers crossed we’ll be seeing a Sam Raimi style screen adaptation before too long.
RB: Vick Ballard, Mississippi State
We have a lot of plans for the weekend, and I think it's going to be a good one. :)
Step#4 – Once you are registered with some companies keep an eye out for jobs that interest you. When I started I took on any and every job that came across my email inbox. After awhile I started to realize some jobs were fun and worth my time, while others….eh, not so much. Make sure you read the guidelines before accepting a job. How much time do you have to commit? If a purchase is necessary, how much is it and can you afford it while waiting to be reimbursed? How long will it take to get reimbursed?… Etc.
make out the woman giving birth under a tree.
St Louis today also reported that a woman obtained an order of protection in 2008 against Vanvlerah, then 18, accusing her of seducing and having sex with the woman’s 16-year-old autistic son.
What they’ve done is terrible and shouldn’t be done ever again. But I do believe that all of them deserve a second chance. There is no doubt that I am angry with each of them. No one should ever be allowed to beat up another human being, let alone your romantic partner. Nobody should get away with racially abusing someone else, regardless of whether the whole world is watching or not. But we all make mistakes, small or big. Yes, Terry, Suarez and Brown should know that they shouldn’t have done what they have but the damage has been done. I just wish that they have learned from their experiences.
Additions such as WR Chaz Schillens, S LaRon Landry, WR Scotty McKnight, QB Tim Tebow and TE Hayden Smith highlight the Jets moves this offseason.
I spent all week working on reports. Two of the impact evaluation reports are due tomorrow, including one covering four bridges. Since I'm leaving tomorrow for the Texas Archaeological Society annual meeting in Lubbock, it meant they were due today.
The Tulsa Race Riot was also significant because it represented white backlash against Blacks who were attempting to enjoy the promises of capitalism and democracy with their own communities and their own commerce.
You are done!
Her manager, Lupe De Leon, said that the cause was complications of leukemia. Ms. James, who died at Riverside Community Hospital, had been undergoing treatment for some time for a number of conditions, including leukemia and dementia. She also lived in Riverside.
On the side note, Jason got us the new Nike Fuel Band and it is very cool. I love the sharing options, and it looks like a sleek black bracelet, can’t wait to try it out this month.
of Miss Rose Hicks herself.
So I went on a search for a spaetzle maker. Paprikas Weiss was still open at the time, and I thought I would have luck there. But I didn't. The spaetzle makers I got just didn't work. I really have no idea why, but the results were less than successful until I found this spaetzle maker,
So, that's where I've been, what I've been doing and clearly, what I will be doing for the next, ya know, week.
We kept puppy up way to late! He wanted to go to bed far before we did. We had a great time just sitting next to each other by the fire and talking. No one else was around, it was just as I wanted it.
I struggled a lot with the concept of flesh; and its supposed weakness and its goading. It had to be mortified, which was a huge challenge, the flesh being omnipresent. In the ninth commandment, the union of man and woman was described using the words "the work of the flesh". The mystical body of Christ, the body of the Church --- this religion certainly used a lot of physiology even in its most spiritual aspect.
Well, for now...Happy New Year!
It looks way better in real life, the brown border makes it look a bit dull in the photos.
Where you don't want negative ease is in a jumper (sweater to the American readership!) - unless you're willowy svelte and slim with no excess of flab or muffin-top spare tyre you want plenty of positive ease! I'm at the stage where I'll adjust my pattern shaping accordingly, like my last teal jumper where I modified the waistline shaping - in my case to not much shaping at all, as it was a short jumper. I've just started another lacy jumper which is quite longline and more tunic-like, so I'm looking forward to seeing how this will turn out.
to give back one of her friends who is getting married next month. I stamped the
Step 6: Gluing on the Yellow Slices
You may want to send it to your friends to see if they've changed.
Cilantro 4.26.12
Tool comment: I have used Excel 2007 to collect the data and create this chart. Even though it is natively supported in Excel, the Bubble Chart has a few restrictions which make it cumbersome. For example, I haven’t found a way to use Data Point labels from the spread-sheet; hence a lot of manual editing is required. I also don’t know of a way to create animated Bubble-Charts (to follow the evolution of the bubbles over time) similar to those at GapMinder. Maybe I need to study the ExcelCharts Blog a bit more… If you know of additional tips or tweaks for BubbleCharts in Excel please post a comment or drop me a note. Same if you are interested in the Excel spread-sheet.
Life is more that what we see.
So when you come across metalheads or other music nerds who speak in an endless torrent of broad categorical statements, condemning genres and styles of music left and right, keep in mind you're in the presence of somebody who really doesn't have the music at heart when they speak but instead they're furiously gaming you and any other onlooker, trying to either annoy you or get you on their side. Their greatest defeat is if you completely overlook their efforts and have no opinion on them whatsoever. If you do not notice them, you do not include them in your life. If you don't include them in your life, they don't exist. They feel this acutely.
*My baby turned 1 year old last March. Like a year ago.
No words,
Those stripes were painted with this LIQUID GOLD IN A CAN
True. It had caused a royal mess and In-Soo had been responsible. “Why do you think he would do such a thing?” Micha asked.
I've noticed that Dave Kuzminski has come under fire lately, too. Dave, you've got my sympathy. It's really tough to be out there trying to help people, only to have them turn around and whack you on the shin for your efforts.
Sadie and I had so much fun looking through styles on this blog. For some reason I couldn't get the link to work the other day. Its linked under my adoption blogs to the right as Happy Girl Hair. You can tell in the pic above that Sadie's hairline looks "fuzzy" in the front and I just did it. What I learned is that you can help the hair to not break and stress when styling if you allow these little hairs to not be in the style. Umm...clear as mud right? She made it clear on her blog...go check it out.
Nagual oversees the Captain’s private backup and euthanasia, as he always does.
Life is sure a beautiful thing, and as I grow older I am realising that its the small things that I've experienced and the little memories that I have preserved that make such a big difference to it in the end!
At this point, everything goes to shit. Or rather, it goes to vomit.
I said I found the framework of the handwritten postcards rather forced and artificial, not much more than a linking device for the episodic structure: it's not as if all of the postcards were in the bundle grabbed by Loyal when he's first on the run, and in reality many of those communications would not have been made on postcards but in letters. Most people, including even Jo, agreed. Jenny said the postcards had really irritated her, as she found them extremely difficult to read, which meant that she often lost their significance to the chapters they headed, and there were murmurs of agreement. Ann said, with reference to both the episodic structure and the linguistic style, that she wondered if Proulx's narrative mode was better suited to short stories than novels: she had read two volumes of her short stories and had found them wonderful.
And tearing love apart
Lifting it
According to the company, "SereniTea is harvested three times per year at the peak of freshness from the coveted Wuyi Mountains of China, and is made from the finest whole tea leaves. Once the leaves are dried through the patented extract process, they yield a rich liquid that when mixed with water provides consumers with an innovative beverage unlike any other on the market. A great option for the health-conscious, SereniTea is USDA certified organic and possesses double the antioxidants of a regular steeped tea due to its concentrated properties."
This little plant is showing its great survival spirit to us.
12. Kansas City Chiefs OT Jonathan Martin (Stanford) No team was hurt more this year then KC. Martin provides some stability at the OL and should continue to open holes for Jamaal Charles once he returns from injury.
This morning I stepped out onto the patio before waking up Ladybug for school. Jed left for some lucky place in Georgia early this morning and it was particularly quiet for seven am around here. I even left the dogs in their bed (and my bed) while I snapped this shot of the backyard.
R: What can people do to help?
With an interview on the horizon it’s got to be worth dedicating time in preparation, this will show you as serious and should be reflected when the big day comes. In addition to pressing your clothes and doing some homework on the employer, it is worth taking note of some interview turn offs!
I am not sure that this burger was so good as to be subversive, but it was definitely delicious and beats the pants off the cardboard offering at your local greasy spoon. I served my burger with Outback Spirit wild rosella cranberry relish one night, and with Cooper's Ale barbeque sauce the next - both combinations were good.
You get the picture. Suffice to say, I’m kind of afraid of failure and while I realize that the rewrite exists for a reason, I cannot bring myself to just keep going. It’s the condescending perfectionist inside of me that makes my hands close the notebook and put it back on the shelf.
Thursday, March 15 from 7 - 9 PM
of their relationship. Brokers relied on their general agent to direct their
D2 (daughter #2), came home for the weekend, and helped us at the Compound Sunday. We had a good laugh at Miss Izzy's expense. Miss Izzy has been on quite a roll with regards to catching rats. She has some favorite haunts around the Compound, and one of them has been a piece of black tubing used for french drains. Now we're not sure what has been living in there, but we do know something has been in there. She's never wrong!
Where can people learn more about your books?
We left Louisville on Sunday morning. We had already planned to come home on Sunday anyway. We did laundry, repacked, and Monday (less than 24 hours after returning home) we left for Kevin’s parents after my eye appointment. Monday we also learned that the tumor was cancerous.
Readers Annotation: Frankie Landau-Banks, at age 16: Possibly a criminal mastermind. This is the story of how she got that way.
Memorial Day, the rose in the picture above, is a beautiful, fragrant, pink rose. It usually blooms for the first time around Memorial Day, which I assume helped contribute to its name.
And I do believe that's all the links I can remember being mentioned! However, it's quite likely I forgot some. If you notice any ones mentioned in the podcast but missing here in this post, please let me know and I'll add them!
I was excited as I had received everything I'd ordered and just KNEW the bits of bits of goodness swaps I participated in were back! Well...yippie for me!
I almost bought a black mink coat this summer at a great vintage shop in the East Village. It was absolutely stunning on my petite frame (not overwhelming at all, which is surprising) and just classy but casual enough to be worn to any occasion. And the $250 price tag wasn't too bad...
Total Loss: 16
And just in case you don't believe me about my love of Ewoks from childhood on, I submit this proof:
2.) "Racist In The Year 3000" from Mr. Show (1998)
And the name in the script was changed to Dick Clark.
my
I still have a cell phone two versions earlier than the razor. Yea, it flips open, but not in the hip-flip-phone-kind-of way. I don’t own an iPod, or even a decent pair of headphones. I don’t have a Twitter account. Blogging is probably the most technologically-advanced thing I do all day (Sorry, it’s been a while. Don’t you hate when all of your posts have to contain apologies?), and it took me years to start a blog. I was the pitiful classmate always waiting for a tech-savior during glitches in my PowerPoint presentation.
The challenge will be in the coming weeks to not seem ‘panicked’ by the small drop in numbers, to consolidate the enjoyment of the kids we still have, and ensure that the current re-orienting of numbers towards the little ones doesn’t result in the middles or big kids feeling left out or like its uncool. Luckily, my co-leader particularly likes working with the older kids, so it should suit her to really focus on them, and give them heaps of attention.
Well, luckily my Grandmother would love anything I made her or course, but I was
Bouwer Bosch is a rainbow of intriguing layers.
The latest evidence supporting this claim comes from Faisal Shahzad’s trip to Matamoras, at the foothills of the Poconos, where he purchased boxes of M-88s from a fireworks store.
OPTION1: Email Submissions
For the curing mix:
Even sunrise and sunset
One of the campaigners, Debbie Jolly, said there would “definitely” be further protests about Atos’s involvement in the 2012 games.But she stressed that the protests were not aimed at Paralympic athletes themselves. She said: “It is just bizarre and ironic that while Atos are considering people fit for work when they are not… the athletes will be competing under the Atos banner. “It is quite disgusting and I think a lot of disabled people feel the same way.”
"no, I'd be scared."
MONEY. Don’t even get me started on this subject. 2010 is the year I will never forget. The year when my economic situation collapsed and all hope for the future went out the window. I won’t get into the details just repeat this simple notion: save before you buy. That’s what I should have remembered but I managed to forget. With willing aid of banks offering easy credit but still I did it all myself. Nobody forced me to ruin my economy. Now I’m learning to get by on a very small amount of money and finding that owning stuff is a bit overrated. Owning stuff is not a way to happiness. Happiness can be found without owning suff. Maybe it is even easier to be happy without owning a lot of stuff.
Allie is getting bigger and bigger and I love it!! I love chasing her around and playing with her! She's such a delight! She's finally putting herself to sleep now! She just needs her little seahorse and a cup of warm water to cuddle with. Yes, she cuddles with her cup, lmao. Crazy kid!
Don't forget through the end of November you will receive 50% off all your images...what a good deal!
Pitalla/Pitaya/Dragon Fruit – Wow, what a healthy and versatile fruit that is! (Pitalla photos from trip to Nicaragua) Green Papaya Salad with Carambola (Star Fruit) and trimmings; Pork with Carambola Sauce; Carambola & Hibiscus Tea;(Prepared in Costa Rica) Hibiscus Gumbo; (Nicaragua) Hibiscus Tea, (Everywhere!) Maracuya-ITAS (Passionfruit) and Tequila,(Ecuador) “Popcorn Soup” (Carrot creamed soup with popcorn garnish) and Viche, ah, what an incredible seafood specialty from Manabi, Ecuador! The final image shows a new vegetable from Ecuador that’s locally called, ‘achocha.’ Mild and delicate, it is quite versatile in the kitchen. Used in soups, sauteed or stuffed – it also keeps well at room temperature!
But readership is down for print media, and ad sales are down even more sharply, driven by shifts in reader habits and an overload of information that hardly allows us to absorb an ad, much less clip it. In Sunday’s Chicago Tribune, the SmartSource advertising insert and the P&G brandSAVER are still hawking food and toiletries alongside big box flyers. So the print-marketing paradigm is still being applied.
d) The prohibition for the Defendants to cite, analyse or comment, verbally or in writing, on parts of the book or the video that defend the thesis of death of the third Applicant or of concealment of her body by the first two Applicants;
Huggies
I am counting down!!! Monday starts week 14 of 16, and that last week ends on Wednesday! After that, I'll be free until the last two weeks of August.
*Also, while many people only know the patriarchal version of the myth of Persephone and Demeter, there is another version that is shared in Lost Goddesses of Early Greece by Charlene Spretnak that I had read well over a decade ago. That 'pre-hellenic' version of the myth is the one that emerged while I was writing the above.
::: The new Steve Miller Band here includes 3 ex-members of Frumious Bandersnatch..... Incredible, joyful, transcendent jamming in a number of places.
But, we restrained ourselves from ordering bowls, even though they had my favorite flavor, Chocolate Azteca. We saved ourselves instead for a sweet treat that can only truly be found in the great state of Louisiana. Maybe sno-balls aren’t the only reason this is the happiest state in the union (or was before BP took a giant dump in our Gulf), but they are certainly a factor. There’s nothing else like a sno-ball on a hot day. Like the shrimp bar-b-que I described that had nothing to do with bar-b-que or grills, sno-balls are nothing like snowcones. The ice is shaved, fluffy like snow, then doused with inventive flavors of syrup and often topped with sweetened condensed milk or marshmallow creme. It’s just another thing about this place that’s so indescribably better than the imagination can grasp, that it all falls in the you-had-to-be-there category.
03 - You Give Love A Bad Name
½ tsp ground cloves
our room attendant loved making little towel creatures for us - we thought they were hilarious!
I will probably mention many times how bad my ADD is, especially when it comes to decorating. As much as I love white, there just seemed to be too much of it all mismashed together. And the one place I decided to add some pattern was curtains. I had my heart set on the Hutton Drapes from Pottery Barn, I loved how pretty they were. Of course they were way more than I wanted to spend, because I will likely change them again. I was determined to find them cheaper and I had to look no further than Urban Outfitters, which is where I found these.
I work until the 16th and then will have 21 days off. WHO HOO!
Obviously, there is this blog, plus “Modern Oracle Tarot” (on amazon Kindle) plus I also post to the local news site on the “Patch”. A few days ago, I shared the “Ode to Oatmeal” post with the “Patch”. The main intention of the post was to say ‘Hey! This tastes surprisingly good for something so healthy!’.
I'll upload the excel spreadsheet with the 10-week schedule, acceptance letter, and any journal pages to hslaunch as we go along, in case anyone else is interested.
Anika Bowles
And that, folks, was just one of my abundance of awkward moments. Come on by and visit me sometime at http://www.shesaystomato.blogspot.com/ and I'll be sure to regale you with the tales of many more!
Then she finally started to say Mommy, and what followed was a horrible gasp for air. Her voice was very deep. My husband had already made his way to the room. I did not know if she had worked herself up, because she was in pain, or what was really going on. That gravel, and gasp for air, sounded very similar to my little man, when he gets that cough, yet she had no cough following the gasps. I opened the door for the cold air, and had my husband get her rescue inhaler.
No clue!
they did taste divine though
I "officially" left school about half way through 9th grade, but mentally I had begun checking out a few years before.
05 Sugar Chocolate
But the very important distinction is (as the profile points out) that he overcame that. This atypical period of behaviour finished quickly. Throughout the entire 1990s and 2000s that was not a significant part of Brian Braddock's character, any less than it had been in the 70s and majority of the 1980s. Nor should it be today.
The Student Citizen: Learning Through Work & Community Engagement
A little background is required to tell this story correctly. When I went to college many moons ago, I had no idea what to major in. I was interested in many things, and considered many things, but somehow decided to major in Art. (One in a long line of mistakes, probably, but for the sake of keeping this story short(ish), I won't go there).
While our Republican governor and Republican-controlled legislature still can't come to an agreement over how to finance public schools, and there is some possibility that the schools are just going to run out of money one day and shut down until the powers-that-be get their respective thumbs out of their respective asses and come up with a solution that isn't about giving tax breaks to the rich, our schools are struggling to do the best they can with fewer and fewer dollars. *
Well can you believe I am posting again?! haha! This is my very first card since my renovations. This past weekend we just celebrated a dear friend's "21st" birthday and so I had to make her a card. Her favorite color is blue and I wanted to make it special and different. So of course I had to go to Mama's blog to juice up my inspirations. I saw this on her blog a little while ago and wanted to give it a try. She called it a telescope tag/card. You can check out her post here. she has the links to where she got her inspiration from. I decided to use my lacey nesties for the outside and I just bought a new nesties for the largest circle called: Picot Edge Circles. It really is elegant.
I’ll have to put them away for the summer very soon, but I’ve been able to still wear them some because of cool nights.
Article 1 A people's court will and shall accept the following civil disputes over copyright:
The question, essentially, is how much longer can this carcass of our former Republic drag itself along? More specifically, how much longer can the emaciated remnants of our economy drag on?
And the fun continued with the colouring:-)! A word about my clouds, which I have done differently. The grey I put inside was inspired by Sara's clouds. If you have never stopped by her blog, just go, her colouring is simply amazing, one of the best in blogland!
“On the government side we have to administer and let our public servants administer the law as it is and not apply political criteria to it.”Mulcair, to say the least, wasn’t picking up what Harper was putting down.
If you look at the ingredients list you’ll note there is no butter or oil of any kind. Only eggs and—the secret weapon—flaxseed meal.
Layer half the plantain slices, the fish, tomatoes, onion, remaining plantain in an adequately sized pot (about 8" in diameter worked fine for me). Lightly season each layer. Whisk together water, tomato paste, curry powder, and salt to taste. Pour over dish. Cover pot, bring to a boil over medium-high heat. Reduce heat to low and simmer for about 20-25 minutes. Slightly open lid for the last 5-10 minutes. (I served the dish with rice but bread or more traditional sides are other options.)
F80 18, iso 250… needless to say I scrapped the lens for the rest of the day!
Quick reminder!
“Oh, well that does sound pretty good,” said Hornmel, who himself was feeling a bit peckish.
I assumed that was source of the restlessness: resentment at spending my Sunday grading, guilt not to be with the boys. I love teaching writing but have to confess myself worse than the students this year in having early-onset of summer fever. As much as I’ll miss this fabulous year when it ends, right this moment I want nothing more than hours alone to myself to read and write and play with my boys and maybe, if I have to, get the house clean. Or go on a date. Student papers drag their toes in self-conscious awareness there’s no competing with all that. Together, the weighty bag of papers and I went through the day watching guilty marathon episodes of Miami Towing on tru.tv (yeah, that bad) knowing I was clearly in a state of avoidance.
by Mervyn Peake
No in all seriousness. Whatever happened to team work?
Muses:
As an author, I always think about the competition I face getting accepted by a publisher, but I sometimes forget the importance of the competition from that point on. And I never thought about the additional competitive issue--getting read once someone had something I wrote in hand.
Me: Honey, it's made from a diaper. You have a diaper tied around your neck. Do you want to go out like that?
'They were screaming,' (aka egging on the RIOTERS) They say that they would not have got together if it was not for the incident. SNIP
“But who are you? I don’t know you!”
With the gradual privatization of common land in the UK, which has become rife during the last part of the 20th century, the Gypsies have found increasingly fewer stopping places on their travels. They used to do a great deal of work as farm labourers, hop picking and suchlike, and farmers would welcome itinerant workers to stay on their land whilst their work was needed, knowing that they'd travel on after the work was done. But the spreading commercialization of farming and the burgeoning of "agribusiness" where traditional farming ways have been swallowed by the soulless money-hungry machine, has meant little more need for travelling farm workers and so the Gypsies had to find other ways of earning their living.
Geej: (In a totally dry, teen-agery tone and timed perfectly with the soulful first solo guitar notes of "Purple Rain") No, Mommy. I don't care about Prince, and I've got to get out of the car or I'm going to be tardy.
Herman Cain shouts out to the radical right
(INAUDIBLE) with the United States.
Oh, I also mentioned, in the lost post, that Gary went bowling on the first day of his sabbatical and then went to his eye appointment. The one where he was to find out if he has glaucoma or not. Fortunately his vision is not deteriorating at the present time. We were very glad to hear that. He goes back in four months for another check-up. He does, however, have dry-eye. Just like I do. It's no big deal--you just hydrate your eyes several times a day with eye drops. Actually, I think that dry-eye is probably more common here in the desert than people realize. And age, no doubt, has something to do with dry-eye as well. Not that we're old or anything. Stop laughing. This minute.
Luke and Beth live in Nashville. He's a country songwriter! He's had a few #1 songs, including a few for Carrie Underwood. In fact, her latest song, Undo It, he co-wrote - and it just went #1 this week! He lives a busy, successful life in Nashville, but when we get him back home, it's as if he never left. He's as down to earth as they come and his new wife is just as wonderful.
“The Royal Society’s position is that creationism has no scientific basis and should not be part of the science curriculum However, if a young person raises creationism in a science class, teachers should be in a position to explain why evolution is a sound scientific theory and why creationism is not, in any way, scientific.”
I have finally found a program that works for me on all levels, so I decided to stop publishing my free pdf patterns for a little while as I would like to offer much better quality of patterns. I would also like to learn more about global fit approach, so my patterns could be used by more people, I am also planning to offer my designs as made-to-measure printable patterns, how does that sound? Sound like a plan to me, at the end of the day, everything should have a positive direction towards success.
the first time maddux had on jeans his purdue shirt and his cubs hat & the second time he had a gap onsie with old style cars all over it. Neither outfits at all resembling something I would ever put a little girl in.
Autumn is my most favorite time of the year ~ the colors, the smells, the feel in the air, the change in temperature, the pumpkins, apples, amd squash, the baking, the coziness, the beautiful falling leaves. We have some leaves falling, but mostly it’s the cute little squirrels throwing heavy pine cones out of our trees onto our deck and into our yard, rummaging through my container plants on the deck and front porch in search of a safe place to hide their pine nuts after they’ve torn a pine cone into millions of pieces and littered it and dirt everywhere, eating the violas, etc. Really though ~ I do love them and it’s all part of the natural cycle of life. I don’t mind sharing with them ~ they are really so cute as they sit in my pots munching away ~ after all, they do have to eat ~ and I do so love watching them…
Now, I haven't had an Avon Lady for years.
(*) Note to readers who have an RSS feed on this blog, for whatever unaccountable reason: something I did when putting that asterisk in was obviously a macro for "publish", because that's what happened. Hope you liked the original spelling, comes to to you courtesy of Seagrams and Schweppes.
Caller: Who is this?
With several points on my artistic license already, I decided to give the CBS Monk back his pork pie hat. Lenin was never much cop on the piano.
The Gift
that even the stars will die.
*Borrow a bike
I think brains also needs to be included in this. We may see different factors within each of the three points, but without all three, a true partner cannot exist.
Lesson 1: The most important thing I can do to keep improving as a teacher is to keep placing myself in the position of learning new things. The discomfort, confusion, coping - I have to keep coming back to it and back to it. The goal is perceiving myself, even when facing thirty teenagers, as an "accomplished novice" instead of an "answer-filled expert." How do teachers move from expert to novice? That is hard to do and even hard to think about - a desirable pathway but a difficult one to find. But the "accomplished novice" attitude is one I respect in the best teachers I know. If I don't keep placing myself in the learner role, I forget, forget, forget. "Answer-filled expert" is the pattern of habits I fall into when I forget.
Well he’d have his revenge. Rolly Thompson was a dead man walking. Assuming he took the usual route home from the pub.
As you can see, I’ve kind of got my hands full this summer, but I’m hoping it’ll make for a few delicious meals along the way.
We were so busy that we didn't all get down to the beach until after lunchtime on Christmas Day. You can imagine the looks we drew with 7 kids building sandcastles! I'm sure they were wondering if they were
Anyways, here is the actual V2. Three new anime to be added are Cat Shit One, Stitch 3 and what appears to be “Monster Hunter with Cats”. Oh, Japan. Also new are the Air dates, re-arranged order, and the OVAs and Continuations.
“It was horrible because I couldn’t do anything to help him,” he said.
-Preparing for bomeownership
I do a little job or two each day. Sometimes I can only manage to clean one shelf of the fridge. Other days I romp through the house or go for a walk with no problem. There is no rhyme or reason for this...... no way I can tell in advance how I am going to be. I tend not to make any really important arrangements because I might not be able to keep them.
Ciao for now!
This afternoon my doctor called with the official ultrasound results.
“You, what is your name?” Lord Fuckington demanded.
Cast me out, call me down, and speak of me in such agony
-c
I was scrambling to find some sort of storage box to fill the left side (where the seashell balls are) in the days before the sunroom completion—alas, it never happened.
I choose to err on the side of grace because I love and respect the Bible too much to narrowly focus on a few verses that do otherwise. I choose to err on the side of grace even when it is inconvenient, unfair, or unsavory. I choose to err on the side of grace because when I look at the Biblical story, that is what I see my God doing time and again. Yes, there are moments of God’s judgment. Surely there are warnings of dire consequences as a result of sin. But I believe that the story of God’s redeeming love, mercy and forgiveness permeates the entire Bible.
To the dinner party at the beginning of the book come the three aunts, Cora, Helen and Joyce, the last two with partners, Cora with her cat. The discussion is about how to make the House profitable again and someone suggests Ghost Walks. From then on the climax of the story is inevitable, with the hastily spruced up House invaded by unwary members of the public.
Lentils with carrots and goat cheese
Strangely, my mother had never recalled ever seeing this poster. My grandmother must have purchased in 1970 and put it inside the book and forgotten about it. It was rather exciting to me, uncovering something of hers 'lost' for so long. We were very close and this felt like a brief renewal of our bond...
And while I don't know what to expect in the next 12 months, I know I'll be okay. Everything is a cycle, and sometimes we have to die in order to come back.
We rent in an Home Owner’s Association (HOA) neighborhood. The HOA is pretty crazy about how your house looks, ie IF you have any weeds, trash cans out, statues, or any other type of montrosity you will get FINED! A montrosity is deemed as anything that they don’t like or looks hideous.
Read and annotate chapters 7 of The Great Gatsby for Thursday, May 10.
I have to hand it to Idol for last night. By cramming 14 performances into a 2-hour block, they kept the judge and Iovine banter to a minimum. As a bonus, not all of those performances sucked! Now will the show follow past precedents and boot two of the contestants this week or will they stretch this thing out by another week?
There is already far too much demonization between people of different viewpoints, who seem to need to see the other with hate in order to feel stronger about their own position. We don’t need to create any more artificial conflicts, especially on matters of Spirit, because we all share the same make-up. We were all created for a sacred purpose, and are all called to help each other grow.
Then Bernsen dove into a puddle head first and came up in a mysterious cave with his zombie nephew. Starkwell and Lovelock still aren’t sure if it’s a young boy or woman, but they both agreed that his voice was awful, and had trouble listening to his incredibly long monologue. It was around this time that they both REALLY started to lose interest. Between the cheesy monologues, the out of place homosexual themes between Bernsen and 'Heroes' Guy, and the schizophrenic cuts, it was really tough to blame them.
Along the walkway, beautiful flowers and shops to spend your money.
A great game with some minor mistakes (in tactics, not rules) and quite happy how it turns out in such a little play area. Every move was deadly, and the mistake my gf thinks she did was exactly that. Thinking things were going down from turn 3 onwards, as usual, while I got the charges in after a turn in which I didn’t even run.
10 new chicks arrived today! They came in pairs of Blue Andalusian, Black Australorp, Barred Plymouth Rock, Dark Cornish, and White Sultans. They’re only a day old and arrived by overnight mail. They captured a lot of attention here as we settled them down in their new temporary home at the office.
Affirmation: “My heart is filled with love .”
- Stir to moisten then pour into greased loaf pan.
I hope you enjoy the third challenge!
she has changed!
This is the kind of serious YA that I could totally hand to an adult reader and not get "the weird look" (and, I WILL be handing this to a few of my adult library patrons who like The Hunger Games).
11.
It may be the last day of April, but that doesn’t mean that backpacks and school supplies are not needed in shelters or organizations that service homeless families!
Its nice to see the theory of plate techtonics has survived as it was just a theory when I were a lad. The kids these days have it so easy, in my day we had to map geology from inside a carboard box, in the gutter. Happy thoughts.
There are really no words to describe each of the sets because they all exceeded my expectations and I got to experience them right front and center, masked within the rest of the photographers most of the time, fighting for the best shots. I’ll share a few of my favorites here.
What about prints?
08-18 Hylands Park and Weston Park, England – V Festival
Amy Welsh thought she had her own private drug stash in a hands-off zone: She hid her Roxicodone in aTylenol tube inside her vagina and her crack inside her bra, reports Will Greenlee in his Off the Beat blog for TCPalm.com in Stuart.
Knock Me Off My Feet by The King Khan Experience
(notes from SEO class - I need a do over because I didn't understand everything, so I drew. Reminded me of how I felt in college!)
Other things we are enjoying together include lots of good books. She's particularly into Aesop's Fables (and listening to a Jim Weiss CD of them in the car), DK's First Encyclopedia of the Human Body, and lots of books about how things are made or how things work. The librarians have given me some pretty funny looks as we come in with our usual, "We'd like a book on how _______ are made." She loved some we checked out recently that showed how tennis shoes are made and what it's like to be a textile worker. And speaking of factories, she asked me to stay out of hers for several days because she was working on this....
Section 2. People, person, or persons as used in this Constitution does not include corporations, limited liability companies or other corporate entities established by the laws of any state, the United States, or any foreign state, and such corporate entities are subject to such regulation as the people, through their elected state and federal representatives, deem reasonable and are otherwise consistent with the powers of Congress and the States under this Constitution.
And the people of Israel again did what was evil in the sight of the LORD, so the LORD gave them into the hand of the Philistines for forty years. — Judges 13:1
ANOTHER FAVORITE BRAIN BOOK:
3DMark 2006: 17777
Then I cut out two Mickey silhouettes from felt and tacked them to the dresses making it look like a dotted line. I ran out of time the night before we left so I literally finished this part in the car on the way to Disney.
“We don’t need any assistance,” a deep voice boomed back from a second story window of the warehouse.
They had it changed and sent directly to the officer the afternoon, they have been absolutley amazint to work with and a real blessing. She said everything else was great and the approvalwould be ready as soon as she received the documentation. YeaHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH! So we may be sending our Dossier next week. Did you hear me God that means we still need more money, yes Lord that is a challenge.
Engineering Librarian’s Basics Boot Camp – Engineering librarians discussed their information literacy efforts: Business tools (Company/market research, UN & Census demographic data, financial and competitor data, Yahoo Finance, executive/industry profiles, SWOT analysis, NAICS … ASME Tech Papers (Use of Linda Hall Library for Science, Engineering and Technology Information in Kansas City (http://www.lhl.lib.mo.us/) ) … Cultivating Grey Literature & Older Engineering Literature ( Be careful about tossing old engineering indexes and literature, language and terminology differences in past, older indexes, work from engineers in foreign countries useful today (i.e. Texas A&M has engineering studies about Nazi use of alternative fuel) … NTIS to introduce a new interface this summer ) … Your students are Pod People, But that’s Alright ( Handout of web links for Instructional Websites on Podcasting, Audio/video Editing Software and Further Readings.)
The other day I caught Toddlers in Tiaras (a disgusting show where mothers, who have failed to make something of themselves, live out weird fantasies of wealth and beauty by forcing their little girls to traipse around in wigs and makeup applied with a trowel.) It was an episode that garnered a lot of controversy because a mother put her 4-year-old in a costume with padded breasts and butt. Frankly, it surprised me that anyone got upset considering the other outrageous things they do to these girls all the time like forcing them to wear false teeth and look like cheap streetwalkers.
That said, I’m not disappointed with a cancellation. However, one fan on Youtube did point out that this was sort of an eff you to the numerous fans who avidly supported the show, some week after week, for over 350 episodes. Countless anime lovers around the world invested in Bleach only to find that the show will end with a whimper, not a bang.
The majority of embedded communication systems can be classified as either point-to-point networks (data links) or shared media networks (data highways). It is important to understand the trade-off between these two types of systems. In point-to-point networks, each node of the system is connected to every other node. These systems are simple and reliable. Reliability is high since correct transmission between two nodes only depends on a single transmitter and receiver. Since each link is dedicated to communication between two nodes, it is easy to meet real-time deadlines without any sophisticated scheduling mechanism. In shared media systems all nodes are connected together using a ring or bus topology. The primary motivation for shared media is the reduction in wiring (and thus cost). These networks are easily extendable without adding any new data ports to individual nodes. Limited new cabling is required.
Don’t sound like you really think so…
I wonder if it was possible to change the future, would I do it? Rewrite history and all that? I'm not sure really? We learn so much from sorting out our own clutter and warped experiences, don't we?
Is "the conversation" really a barometer of business success? Or is it just chatter without value -- the Paris Hiltonization of marketing?
But what I feel is unfair is that they are pushing me to do things here and there. I should migrate, I should go somewhere else because nothing’s gonna happen to me if I stay here in the Philippines, or the fact that they are still treating me like a baby is too much for me. What’s worse is even my relatives, who think they know me well enough to tell what’s best for me, are also in on the pushing. It’s like they’re telling me that since I’ve graduated already, I can forget about all the values and principles that I learned with my Ateneo education. I’m sorry, but I just can’t do that.
While you have high standards, you aren't really all that competitive. You only compete with yourself.
As a parent, I have a choice. I can choose to focus on trying to craft a "designer child," as Chua and many other parents do. If so, then everything I do now is with an eye on the future: Punishments/Rewards, Requirements, Expectations, Manipulation, Forced Lessons. It's all just in case. It's all with the hopes that my child will be some certain way. If I do all of that stuff now I can control the future.
I don't have a lot of memories of angst or wooing for Valentine's Day. I remember the collection of cards in school- the bulletin board decorated with a bag for each kid to collect their cards... and I've heard stories of kids being excluded, popular kids getting the most cards, and so on. I'm thankful I don't have memories in that arena.
Can you describe Christmas?
As one of Gibbons' contemporaries nearly wrote: Licence my roving notes and let them go / before, behind, between, above, below... But I couldn't - for good manners' sake - rove on foot during the service, thought I've done so in many other churches. So I sat still, and allowed my mind's eye to rove instead, imagining how as you walk and look the clusters of saplings in the different aisles set to partners and then pass on, the ribs like branches stretching out to join those of another tree overhead; triplets of windows dancing between bigger trunks; the arch that opens to a whole new chapel of variations; the path that leads you on, curls you round the back of the altar and brings you to the centre again, under the still, pendulum point of the crossing.
The fam and I are planning to hit up New Mexico for our next vacation. Preliminary deets and some really pretty New Mexico photos available here - New Mexico trip. If all things go as planned, we will be heading out west in August.
What we put into our body is paramount to its longterm health and function. I am not saying to trash the Weight Watchers if it is working for you. Keep at it. But if you are truly wanting to get healthier (and not just skinny) then I suggest you look beyond points and dig a little deeper into what you are eating.
Dust a clean surface with flour. Roll out the dough to 1/8 inch thick. Using a cookie cutter (3” or 5” depending how big you want the panzarotti), cut circles out of the dough. Take the leftover dough and roll it out again to make more circles.
I’ve decided I’m going to stop shaving and have permanent stubble type thing going on…less time wasted on it, and obviously better for the skin too…kinda like this..I apologise for the trauma you are about to face
I’m not sure that I ever really understood that the Lord Ruler was such a very powerful allomancer (or whatever magic it is he’s using). Working his magic over all those people in the crowd during the executions – most peculiar, not to mention extremely demonstrative! Also, he finally did put in an appearance – unfortunately – and he does seem fairly invincible. I was racking my brains for something, some similarity to anything that might give me a clue as to what he is. The nearest I can come to is a book I recently read about immortals who also couldn’t be killed without a great deal of effort. I was also intrigued about the Inquisitors interest in Vin. They are very keen to locate her – clearly the Lord Ruler has something to fear from her but I really don’t know what. Perhaps she will be the one who can use the eleventh metal. Anyway, if I didn’t already think he deserved to die (which I did), executing all those people and then killing Kelsier has certainly not improved my mood towards him at all! Do I think he’s invincible – last week I said I thought he could be beaten and so foolish consistency it may be but I’m going to stick with that theory.
Also, cool it with the moral judgements – it’s not the weed that you dislike, it’s the stoners. I’m with you on it, trust me, there is nothing more annoying to me than a slow-witted goon telling me that drugs has given them real, lasting experiences or new understandings about the world – but that’s a problem I have with people, not the drugs themselves. All of the problems you list : that it leads to inactivity, that it is a crutch or shield from deeper psychological problems, and that it can be addictive – these are all problems, but they are properties of the users, not the drugs. Trying to blame it on drugs is like trying to blame the bridge that people jump off for their suicide. There is nothing in the act of getting high that makes it bad, and with weed, it is extremely hard to cook up extrinsically damaging properties.
What a turd.
I also received these lovely flowers from Cynthia with this cute card!
To help another human being reach one’s celestial potential is part of the divine mission of woman. As mother, teacher, or nurturing saint, she molds living clay to the shape of her hopes. In partnership with God, her divine mission is to help spirits live and souls be lifted. This is the measure of her creation. It is ennobling, edifying, and exalting.
that you will meet someone and never give up on happiness,
Ska is brewing about 900 barrels of Mexican Logger this summer, double last year's production, and distributing it to all of the brewery's markets.
Having ranted on about multiple choice, I then came across an article in Education Week referencing a study on automated essay grading programs which may be a new cost-efficient way to replace teachers in that form of assesssment as well. And if text can be graded, so can oral answers or discussion. But the end result is the same: Kids will be taught that authority has the answers, whether you bubble them in on scan sheets, say them aloud or write them in a sentence or paragraph.
Music that inspires you to love your wife or husband more with each passing day.
I may well add to this Weekend Review later – but I need to have a quick glass of rioja…. It is Sunday afternoon, after all.
§ Deal bountifully with Thy servant, That I may live and keep Thy word.
50. English name for Tao is Edison Huang. Perhaps he chose the ‘Edison’ because his idol is Edison Chen.
I hand-wrote a few ideas yesterday and so I have some typing to do today.
The reviewer concluded with this comment: “A bit too arch and cute for modern tastes at times, Pillow Talk is still one of the best of the frothy Doris Day-Rock Hudson vehicles; it made a fortune at the box office and garnered five Oscar nominations.”
FAE, #2 in the Elemental Trilogy, is now up on Goodreads!
Flowers: EK Success (felt), Maya Road (ribbon), & Prima Marketing (paper)
Discussing the true history of African descendants in America changes the perspective of race and racism in this nation.
I took about 50 zillion photos of the flowers when I got home - so, there's more to come!
I like these verses because they are telling us to pray often, pray for what we want, the Lord provides us and my favorite when we pray to God and start acting acting like He will give us what we ask for, He will give it to us. That’s not to say He will give it to us every time, because than it wouldn’t be act act of faith. What I want to do is not only challenge you to dream big, but to act on it, and than pray about it. Tell God your plans and ask Him to help you with them. Don’t just tell God your dreams and leave it to Him to decide weather or not He will carry them out.
Water World was created over a year ago and it seems fitting and accidental that the video Water world was completed on this Day. It features images and interpretations of life on Earth in water to the cosmos. There are images of The Saturn’s largest moon Titan and it’s lakes. Including in this video is The Waterfall Nebula and Water World Planet GJ1214b. We exists in a water world and water is everywhere. In every galaxy and dimensions. Imagine flying or swimming from one planet or dimension to another. That is off the planet. Peace to Earth and the rest of the universe.
Should mentoring schemes (or work experience) be a compulsory part of a legal education? And where should the responsibility for this requirement lie – the firms, the university or the individual?
They had some background music, I got myself some weird sounding drink made from some exotic liquor and some exotic juice. I just told the tender to make me something sweet, I was new. He did. It also was kind of strong, so I didn't drink anything else. Not ordering from that tender again, if I go back.
And I'd really like to know, fellow Edgars – were you bullied? Did you ever feel like an outsider? And if you were, do you think it influenced your writing?
But the White House gardens were kind of a let down. There are lots of trees, but lots of open space. You’d think the Park Service could do something a little more elaborate with the grounds. After all, we’re supposed to impress our foreign visitors.
The mats around the pool are scratchy and sting bare feet. Beach balls bounce, people listen to transistor radios, kids across the street shriek as they ride the Steeplechase roller coaster. Some of the older kids begin to tease Tommy. They taunt the skinny boy who can’t swim. “C’mon you baby, let’s see you jump off the diving board.”
4) “No! No, no no, you have ________”
6. Writing is not fast food, nor should people charge only 5.54 per hour (less than minimum wage)
In Minnesota, Paul won 20 of 24 delegates allocated at congressional district conventions, and he’s expected to take more at the statewide convention.
So Run DMC publicly announce their support for Joey Brown, the notorious black high school principal for New Jersey, whose "talk tough" policy towards pupils has caused much controversy in the States, because of its emphasis on discipline, rectitude, not to mention Brown's bent for patrolling the playground with a loudhailer in one hand and a baseball bat in the other.
He signed the deal, oh yes he did, but it’s too far from both his kids
We would occasionally meet up at a department store in Oxford Street and chat about some of the authors and collectors he had met. Bill and I collaborated on an article for The Book and Magazine Collector which was my first paid feature. More importantly, he talked about some of the nuts and bolts of doing research, like going to Somerset House to find birth, marriage and death information, or Companies House to try and find information about publishers.
4. Place chimney upside down where indicated on the pattern, right sides together. Sew in place very close to the edge of the fabric. Fold ribbon hanger in half, place on the top and center of the roof and sew in place very close to the edge.
Put it in your food processor and pulse until it's fine.
When you are in an abundant mindset, your energy vibrates at a much higher level than one of scarcity. You then attract people and situations that vibrate at that similar abundant level, you then have the combined energy vibration of abundance and more of the same is attracted to you, and so it goes on. Likewise, if you live in a scarcity mindset, you will attract others who are in a similar mindset and you will have the combined scarcity mindset that will attract more and more of the same.
Some things are created purely by an inner impulse and not consideration of some external or clearly articulated goal. Art isn’t only those things that by luck or intention find their way onto a community’s pedestal or stage. Its what humans do with their imagination. Creativity often discovers itself as an act of expression. Just ask every child with a crayon. There is no intrinsic difference between the imagination that creates things to be shared and invents things to be held privately. Creativity is just basic to human nature. Sometimes art making can be as primal as scratching an itch….
winter rain
Spartan II is probably headed for Lake Michigan.
There was a vast, starry sky here last night. Somehow, when I look up into such a sky, I feel I can forgive humanity anything. It’s the cosmos as far as can been seen inside my head. It’s as though everything that I haven’t read and everything that I haven’t written and all the poetry I haven’t composed catches fire like a comet. My soul stretches out to infinity.
And only real ones. We can write fictional or legendary ‘maybe’ wars, as in Rosemary Sutcliffe’s ‘The Eagle of the Ninth’, but real wars that people died in – no. There's perhaps a fair point there, in that such wars should never be trivialized or glorified – but why would a woman be more likely to do this than a man? No-one could read Louisa Young’s beautiful ‘My Dear, I Wanted To Tell You’ and fail to be moved by the truth and poignancy with which she conveys the real tragedy of war.
“OK – I will do then! If there are more of those bottles, I’d like to find them as well. Maybe someone’s looking for them? Maybe they’re worth something? Maybe someone’s offering a reward for them?”
Can you believe it is July already? Well, it is! And that means that I have been at this blog thing for four months now. I have so enjoyed sharing my projects here, being inspired by the wonderful creativity out there, and getting to know some amazingly talented people.
Remind me to build myself my own damn battery pack before I get old will you?
It is an Applesauce Cake made from the
Best joined him at third wicket down and – making use of their professional skills – exploited their powerplay to the full, to take the score to 264. Best scored 61 off 30 balls.
“This topic is important, but relatively simple to fix,” he said, noting he wasn’t looking at what was done in the past, but “focusing on policy going forward.”
 Each week, we will tally the total dollar value of the receipts and there will be a graph in the office so you can track your progress and check out how you’re doing against the competition!
7. Finally, have fun, be positive and please...above all else...communicate! We are not a scary bunch and we need input, ideas, opinions and suggestions! Please be heard :)
For some reason, this blog, the blog about Karmic Justice, published quite some time ago, has been making news in the blog statistics. It has been meaningful to me during this interval, a beacon of light that I myself read often. It is something that allows me to stay the course of ethics, and morality, in my struggles, and it provides hope for me. Hope that is not always associated with external victory, but a hope that allows me to look at myself in the mirror every morning, with pride, and self respect. It offers the kind of hope that allows me to continue being a role model to those that depend on me for inspiration, especially when their world is dim.
Treuer sardonically points out that Kohl’s racism probably prevented him from understanding that Native people know how to listen to the radio. In fact, many were listening to Kohl that day and weren’t too happy about what he had to say about them. Within days, the Native residents of Leech Lake, White Earth, and Red Lake, the three reservations surrounding Bemidji, agreed to boycott the town. They refused to spend any money in Bemidji until Kohl was fired and a public apology was issued by KBUN, the local station.
At the dinner table, Aunt Sally revealed a veritable Macy's Parade of home-cooked Americana - meaning most of it was beige and fried and looked like it contained more fat than a rolled loin of Elvis.
By cutting a whole cauliflower into very thick slices you create an opportunity to experience this vegetable in a whole new way.
In the rush and press of busy day, my own spirit hovers far away,
No, grieving was far more organic than that. It seemed to flow according to the laws of nature, as opposed to following models structured by man. In everyday terms, that meant, among other things, that I could not predict what would take the wind right out of me, nor could I predict when that would happen.
I hope each of you had a day filled with love and joy. Merry Christmas y'alls.
The challenge now is to try and make a lemon cupcake that is also amazingness.
Great! Clean development and reliable power and regional peace, right? Alas, no. In public, 1¾ days of the conference were all sunbeams and puppydogs. Between sessions, state gas officials complained the summit wasn’t addressing their real concerns, and private sector players called it ‘pie in the sky’ and ‘old wine in new bottles’.
Choose to open your Bible and let God speak to you today. Kay Arthur says to thank God for the Bible we hold in our hand and to ask Him to speak to us through it. We can pray for wisdom as we read. (James 1:5) This is the first step to freedom from anxiety--reading God's Word and meditating on it so it can penetrate our confusion and darkness--and it will. "For the word of God is living and active. Sharper than any double-edged sword, it penetrates even to dividing soul and spirit, joints and marrow; it judges the thoughts and attitudes of the heart." (Hebrews 4:12, NIV)
We will announce the new DT members next week once we have visited all your blogs. In the meantime Pops has joined us again, she took a break for a few months but is now in a position to join in with DT duties again. Welcome back Pops.
It’s been a dozen years since the fish kill. And while for many it may be forgotten, I don’t fish, sail, or enjoy any outdoor activity without being reminded of the damage to the White River. The Indiana Department of Natural Resources has not forgotten either.
With the Diamond Jubilee and London Olympics fast approaching, many companies are proud to fly the British flag. Not Asda.
Heat another 2 tablespoons of oil to the large pot and add the onions, carrots, mushrooms, and potatoes. Cook for 10 minutes over medium heat, stirring occasionally. Add the garlic and cook for 2 more minutes. Place all the vegetables in the Dutch oven over the beef. Add 2 1/2 cups of the reserved marinade to the empty pot and cook over high heat to deglaze the bottom of the pan, scraping up all the brown bits with a wooden spoon. Add the chicken stock, rosemary, sun-dried tomatoes, Worcestershire sauce, 1 tablespoon salt, and 2 teaspoons pepper. Pour the sauce over the meat and vegetables in the Dutch oven and bring to a simmer over medium heat on top of the stove. Cover the pot and place it in the oven to bake it for about 2 hours, until the meat and vegetables are all tender, stirring once during cooking. If the stew is boiling rather than simmering, lower the heat to 250 or 275 degrees F.
It ends, weak and staggering with Henry at 108, as the sly, devious republicans continue to press their exclusive rendering of who's Irish as the only acceptable answer, nearly a century after Henry's rebels fought in 1916 for a somewhat more inspired vision of equality. For Henry and Doyle's other characters, it's a sobering scenario, and the trilogy continues its descent down to where it started, full of misunderstanding, fear, and betrayal. It's clever often in Doyle's sober take on mythic ways Ireland is made, but it moves at a measured pace and with few moments of peace to relieve the relentless darkness that surrounds most of Henry's days. It rewards those who know this period in Irish history and who have read volumes one and two, but it is not cheerful reading, and it is intricate, at times halting action, as devious republicans never stop outguessing our Henry. This wears out the novel's energy.
VIJAYA: Funny enough, for this fifth book in the Chronicles of Kassouk series (although now it comes first in the series) I had to research... my own books. I had to reread and take apart all the other books in the series, because it’s been a while since I wrote the first books, and for this prequel I had to gather all the tiniest clues and threads I had sewn into the tapestry of this world I had created. It’s like writing a story backwards. In the previous novels, I alluded to all kinds of things that happened in the past and had turned into legends or traditions. Now I had to dig out these legends, like an archeologist, examine the evidence, and reconstruct the true facts behind the myths. It was kind of fun.
I escaped for the weekend with my friend Vanessa... onto the Leeds-Liverpool canal to stay on my dad's narrow-boat. We didn't chug/drive/sail it anywhere... but stayed at the mooring, which is very peaceful (apart from scary swans, lots of hissing and a few deviations in our plans to avoid them).
Needles need to be organized and stuck in that yellow box from which they jumped out. I had been thinking I could use more knitting needles. Except, that would mean I could start more WIPs and I don't need that.
He went on to suggest that it can be preferable to have a fellow actor on the show behind the camera, as opposed to a jobbing director. He explained:
Well maybe not quite a safari with Land Rovers, bearers and doubles but we hiked a bit and carried a small pack and had a couple dogs with us.
Not Cowgirl, Cowboy. It makes a statement.
Anyway, as tempting as it was to just go back to bed, I'm not one to waste a day off with something silly like sleeping. I tackled one of the corners I've been wanting to organize since before I started work, but was lazy.
PBS is BN’s largest Sabah-based party, and has been a leading voice, along with United Pasokmomogun Kadazandusun Murut Organisation (Upko) president Tan Sri Bernard Dompok, in calling for the RCI to be held before polls.
We’re very nearly to the weekend.
I’m sure there are plenty of twenty-five-year olds that would envy the folks in these films.
Observe the Universe?
That was all he had to offer as the flywheel of his watch wound down. He smiled as he thought about the fact that he would never have to wind it again. He lit up another cigarette, but lost in thought, let it smolder idly.
The poor women in an area make incense for work and this is how they make money to keep her family alive. But then a big British Tobacco company trades to India, to globalize their company, there incense for much less than the poor women charge so thus the poor women and their area is wiped out.
The second thing that convinces John of this and comforts us is Jesus' names.
The Upsetters - Ring Of Fire
Josefina Vidal. Let me read the statement that they gave us. “We
JUST FOR FUN!!
Among the other growth at the Lion Brewery, its offices have moved to Laird Street in Wilkes-Barre.
24. It was a wrong number that started it, the telephone ringing three times in the dead of night, and the voice on the other end asking for someone he was not. —Paul Auster, City of Glass (1985)
Handcrafted Item
“I was truly moved.”
And anyway, fame! Wikifame! What better feeling could you get from snapping a picture of a pile of plastic bits?
Then he proclaimed that God is good.
At least I'm onto the last step. Unless anyone has any other neutral paint recommendations?!
JYKJT Blog (jykjtblog.wordpress.com) is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC and Amazon EU Associates Programmes designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com, amazon.ca, amazon.co.uk, amazon.de, amazon.fr, amazon.it and amazon.es. Certain content that appears on this website comes from Amazon Services LLC and/or Amazon EU. This content is provided “as is” and is subject to change or removal at any time.
Claim the joy that is yours as a Christian. Remind yourself often of the incredible truth that, as a Christian, you have eternal life in heaven awaiting you. Let the knowledge of that wonderful gift from Jesus give you joy every day.
UPDATE 2/12/11: Added links to the maps on the wiki (where available) to help with finding the area the secret passages are in. Also edited the lighthouse map so you know where to fall.
He hadn’t let her hand go yet. Bryan drew up his lips. “Yeah, I guess I’ll have to drink elsewhere, hmm?”
On the plus side, The Snowman is tauter and far less bloated. The story whips along with little clues and red herrings littering the work and leading you towards the inevitable conclusion. In fact, this novel might be worth a re-read - just to check all the details that form part of the clues.
26.12 Monday, no regular class, but Jason will post if there is an “open gym” time where everyone can come in and work on whatever he feels like.
Do – take a tour around the terminal. When I went for my journey around the terminal I was able to see gates that had lights off, were away from noise and other things like that .
1 pint
It is thus not surprising that sceptics and unbelievers cannot relate to words such as “Satan” or “antichrist” when subjects pertaining to world chaos, terrorism, and/or world domination crops up. One cannot even introduce the words “God” or “Jesus Christ” into conversations anymore without triggering-off severe reactions of agitation. This is already an indication that there’s a new kind of hatred brewing towards Christians in general (spurred on by the main stream media) – so much so, that some people will retaliate with such outward aggression that they won’t hesitate to use the Lord’s Name in vain, with absolutely no concern who they’re offending. (See in this regard - Exodus 20: 7, Deuteronomy 5: 11, Psalms 139: 20, and Proverbs 30: 9)
yet knowing it will come again
If you’ve ever visited Maine and wondered “What would I need to get around all of Maine at any given time of the year?,” the Cole Museum offers it all. If a snowplow pops into your mind, the Cole Museum has it. Obviously, snow plays an important part in Maine’s ecosystem… Several snowplows are in the exhibits, including a massive early Linn tracked truck that required a crew of four strong men. Two of those burly men stood at the back to lever the massive plow wings into position.
Are you a worry wart? Do you worry in advance, or jump first and worry afterwards?
The decorations were simple. I made a runner and racing flags from the checkered fabric (we had to be able to wave them and say, "Gentlemen start your engines" before they began to race around), and a pennant banner with the birthday boy's name (which is still hanging in his Cars room).
Right across the river in Nuevo Laredo, Mexico, the drug cartels have gone wild with Satan's pinatas - decorating the city with hanging corpses and decapitated bodies in Hell's version of Feng Shui.
Though it's a frozen meal, everything had a fresh taste. I really appreciated the texture of everything as well. The beef was tender, the watercress and broccoli crunchy, and the rice, well let me just say I wish my rice would come out just as it did everytime, because it was absolutely perfect. They even have meal tips at their website to enhance your Wanchai Ferry Meal which include things that you can add into your meal, and side dish suggestions.
Turner Broadcasting System, Inc., a Time Warner company, creates and programs branded news; entertainment; animation and young adult; and sports media environments on television and other platforms for consumers around the world.
VAN ZYL KOOS and RETHA, 64 and 66, 2010-01-07 MURDERED TORTURED ON MEATHOOKS, FARM POORTJIE STEYNRUST SENEKAL, FREE STATE.http://www.volksblad.com/Content/Suid-Afrika/Nuus/2114/22cb0da821d84605847d51694aaa05e3/09-01-2010-05-33/LUR_skryf_wrede_moorde_toe_aan_morele_verval_http://www.beeld.com/Content/Suid-Afrika/Nuus/1928/ef6ae0259840479d8107ebdd0f1d1a0f/09-01-2010-01-33/Vleishaak-aanval_Ontstelde_boere_ruk_op_by_hofverskyning
Chorus (25)
I used Happy Hauntings to cut the double layer title, Spooky 2010. I used a black cardstock base layer and a scrap of paper printed onto archival paper using the Cricut Imagine (leftovers from a previous project). The Imagine is going to be a treasure trove of great paper!!!
Krieg, James “Graduation Day” X-Men. ( TV Show)September 20, 1997 ( Original Airdate).
vegetable oil for frying
An etherial walk to the kitchen. Put on the kettle for tea and the memories and feelings begin to fade rising higher and higher beyond the kitchen ceiling, beyond the roof and tree tops, where they dissolve into sky. Now I am into the day, and filled with a lingering wonder. Where did all that come from?
If it were truly up to us,
Hiltje testified how Modise went to the Commission for Conciliation, Mediation and Arbitration to lay a complaint of unfair dismissal against her parents early in 2007.
There was an acrid smell in the air, faint but discernible. This must be a sinkhole.
If a story idea sticks around in your mind—and will glorify God in it's telling—then it's something to wait upon and pray about! The story may not come to fruition in this decade, but you can be certain it's unsinkable!
Finding that there was not much iron ore in the mine in Mahugwi they wanted to go to Mount Wedza where there was plenty, but his family refused, because they saw that after moving there other people from different places would come and live in their country and the chieftainship would be taken as had happened when he went to Zululand. When Tingini heard this he agreed for them to remain and they lived there for many years until he died.
But a brief comment, one that applies not to those who got picked up on that bridge but to a whole lot of what has been said about this?
14. I wondered why the baseball kept getting bigger. Then it hit me.
As we know, cycles exist to show choices in the Path: overall the future is golden. Venus’s malevolence may only be a wayshower to direct us away from a mistaken ‘Way’. The future, in the form of the Ninth Wave, is upon us — all the heavenly signs say so — and it’s up to us to embrace it.
DPS already has authority to do DL/insurance checkpoints, but has never prioritized them or implemented policies to perform them, DPS chief Steve McCraw told the committee (taking some of the wind out of Chairman Williams' SB 9, scheduled to come up later in the hearing). Even if they did begin such checkpoints, said McCraw, they couldn't staff them with drug dogs, narcotics officers, etc., without violating restrictions on only using checkpoints for limited, well-defined purposes.
I left the UN a year ago and now work for an intergovernmental organization in London. While it is not part of the UN system, it is on the same pay scale — and it is in a desperate need for some serious housecleaning just like the UN. For starters, it will separate the hard-working professionals from those who work the system to serve their own interests.
Here are the advantages to building a completely decoupled frontend:
“Sensuality is basically a function of the body, while love is a function of the spirit.” Pg 62
2,803 — cars in campus parking spaces at peak demand in October (according to an April 2011 study)
It has been about a week since I started writing. I have wrestled with the idea of writing like this for some time now and my biggest fear was that it would simply become another source of stress in my life. What I have found during this new adventure in my life has been quite the opposite.
On the seventh day, God rested, and on the 8th day he invented the mint julep. People sometimes ask me what my favorite cocktail is, and this is always my answer. The combination of bourbon, sugar, and mint is stupidly simple and stupidly good. And the mint juleps at the Anvil are a real feat of artistry - piled high with crushed ice like a bourbon sno-cone. I mean - I just said "bourbon sno-cone". What more could you want?
My workmate picked me up and took me to work today and dropped me home she felt that not having a car was not a valid reason for two days off work!
Eventually a friend, Joo Hwan, (Dae-han Ji) bails him out and he and Dae Su stop at a pay phone to call his daughter and tell her he has a gift for her birthday. Joo Hwan asks for the phone to wish the little girl a happy birthday as well. While Joo Hwan talks, Dae Su wanders off. Joo Hwan assumes he's playing games, but we see the angel wings in the street. We next find Dae Su confined at an undetermined location reaching his hand out of a small hatch in a door pleading with his captor to explain something to him, threatening, and asking to be let out. The inside of his cell looks like a hotel room. He wonders in voice over. "If they had told me I was going to be locked up for 15 years, would it have been any easier to endure, or would it have been harder?" We see Dae Su with his hair overgrown and unshaven looking like a completely different person. He explains that his captors play the same music every night before gassing his room to put him to sleep. "I found out later that it's the same valium gas Russian soldiers used on the Checyen terrorists." While he sleeps they cut his hair and clean up the room. He remarks "They're gracious bastards." Dae Su spends much of his time watching television. He learns that his wife has been killed while he's been confined and that he is the prime suspect. Police also claim that he took a photo album from the house before disappearing.
According to a local report, power and phone lines are down in Pandang and several other parts of Indonesia.
How do you print these babies? On paper. Haha. Actually, any paper you like will do (well, not computer paper!) but I recommend mailing labels. Weatherproof ones are much more durable, so go for those. You can also just print on a thick cardstock and use as is, or laminate for extra durability (post to come!)!
Sullivan's Travels, Preston Sturges' pre-war masterpiece, concerns a movie director (Joel McCrea) who has tired of making light comedies and wants to make a film about the downtrodden forgotten man. So, like William Powell in My Man Godfrey, he goes incognito as a hobo, but finds that no matter what he does, he winds up back in Hollywood. Several plot twists later with the help of The Girl (Veronica Lake), Sullivan succeeds in becoming a hobo only to wind up on a chain gang serving time for manslaughter. Here, he learns the value of laughter and decides that possibly he has been contributing after all. Like any Sturges film, Sullivan's Travels is satiric and sharply observed, though this time the satire informs a powerful social message. Many regard this as Sturges' best film.
Behind one of the sofa's is our red buffet sitting on a small rug also a little sitting area to rest and view out side our Grandkids playing in the pool.
Lifetime Goal: Have 6 grandchildren
Syntax
Our hands touch, and I feel you warm.
digestible.
This year as we study, I will update this page with a link to each challenge hymn for easy reference! You may want to bookmark this link. Studies will be posted usually by 5 p.m. Central time every other Sunday. This will be your one resource page for the entire year's study! I hope this is helpful to you! Blessings,
Contagious Mediocrity
I used Citristrip paint str*pper, and it worked like a charm! The paint bubbled up and slid right off within an hour. The label says it is safe to use inside (with lots of ventilation), but I took advantage of the 70 degree weather we had yesterday and did it in the garage. Even with all the ventilation, the citris smell was pretty strong. From my label reading at Home Depot, it has low VOCs compared to other str*ppers, so it is fairly safe to use.
Always curious, I insisted we go see what was happening but when I saw all those lobsters crawling over each other in those traps I felt sick. A few had gotten out onto the wharf and were clicking along, towards the water, but large paws of hands tossed them back with the others.
4. Refined. They know when to let a man speak and continue speaking until it’s absolutely mind-numbingly boring. They have the patience to sit and let a man say ridiculous opinions without finally screaming “You’re fucking stupid shut up!” They will accompany their boyfriends or husbands to internet bars and restaurants filled with his drunken belligerent friends and be the perfect picture of grace.
I slept from (blank) until (blank) on the couch in the living room. When I got up I played guess the time .
Thank you so much to all you that participated in the Huge giveaway by Top Teachers.
Trailblazer
Grief takes you to the ends of your limits. It makes you question everything you thought you knew about life, about yourself, about death. It can make you scream at the heavens, make you cry until you think you’re drowning in your own tears, make you want not to live. All this is accompanied by a host of physical symptoms, such as dizziness, tightness in the chest, restlessness, irritability, inability to focus or organize, inability to eat or sleep (or to eat and sleep too much). And when you think you’ve cried all your tears, finished with your panic attacks, come to accept that he isn’t coming back, grief returns, but this time it comes in a different shade, perhaps not so black as in the beginning, but still dark.
all by himself.
It wasn’t until I was halfway through drinking my milk that I realized it probably wasn’t pasteurized. I felt fine the rest of the day though. I hadn’t gotten sick at all yet which really surprises me. I was expecting to probably be sick for the first few days after I got here. Yay for modern medicine. The milk was very sweet and almost reminded me of egg nog. Like I said, I hadn’t gotten sick at all yet but at 5 this morning I woke up and was not feeling too good. I had diarrhea and took some Pepto Bismol. I woke up again at 6 had to use the bathroom and decided to break out some Cipro that had been packed for me in a medicine kit prepared by Passport Health Services in Lawrenceville, NJ where I received my yellow fever shot. Things like Pepto Bismol and Immodium A.D. only cover up the symptoms up diarrhea but Cipro is actually an antibiotic to kill the bacteria. I woke up again at 7 to use the bathroom and again at 8:40 when Dayyibu knocked on my door to ask if he could use my surge protector outlets to charge his phone battery. I felt okay but not great. I went over to the Lokkers’ home and ate a tiny amount of breakfast. Joan gave me some Gatorade to replenish myself and I went back to bed. I slept until about 12:30 and felt great. I took another Cipro at 6 and I’ll take two more tomorrow and two more the next day as the directions say I should do. I can get Cipro here at the clinic so if I run out, I’ll be okay. Not only will it be cheaper than in the states but I don’t need a prescription. I can just walk into the clinic, request some, pay a little bit, and there we go. It’s like that for all medicine. If you know exactly what you need, you don’t need to see a doctor. Just go for it.
I made some jute wrapped shamrocks for this year. I got the inspiration around Valentine's Day when I saw the mini-wreath that Kelsey at Tattered and Inked made. What caught my eye was not only the wreath but the super mini jute heart that she embellished it with.
I certainly haven't been shopping for any new shoes
AC: We'll have to leave it there, Andrew.
These mountains make our hearts sink
I'm sure readers can peruse through my two posts on my fantasy football teams and note the strengths and weaknesses of my logic/decisions. As for my teams, well, the team discussed in Part 2 (the keeper league, PPR team) has already won its game and is heading to its fantasy semi-finals. The other team ran into a bit of bad luck (and perhaps questionable decision-making on my part in who to start) when Demarco Murray was injured with only 3.1 fantasy points. I will need 53 yards from Brandon Lloyd tonight in order to move on to the semi-finals in that league. I don't hold out much hope of Lloyd accomplishing this task, but, referencing an old cliche, "One can always hope."
santa is wondering what on earth he has gotten into.
6 Hotho, S. (1999) Motivation in an ab initio German classroom, Language Learning Journal 20:1, 37-44
The challenge will run for the whole month. Participants must comment on all of the DT blogs during the hop AND participate in the challenge if they want to win the prize: May's KIT!!!
I poured the diesel back (4 jerries, 80lit approx) in with Mr Funnel, a great product for holding water and other debris. I also injected acetone into the holes I had opened the the windvane rudder.
A huge grin appeared on the collies face.
The board game is pretty much like Monopoly, you have to obtain dice (you get one for free every 10 minutes) and then you can roll it and land someplace on the board. You can either land on a quest, a bonus, or a mystery spot.
The American Civil Liberties Union sued to have the law overturned. The case was rejected by a lower court, but the ACLU appealed, and are currently awaiting a ruling the U.S. Seventh Circuit Court. A representative from the Illinois chapter told me he'd hoped to hear from the court ahead of the G20 and NATO summits.
I’m not to, not to love until it’s cheap.
Thankfully, I've managed to fit in an entry to the Sugar Bowl before I head for holidays! I've used Catch a Falling Star and coloured her with pro markers and stardust stickles. She hasn't been used for a while but suited a card I was asked to make. I've used First Edition Up, Up and Away papers, which I adore! ( Funnily enough, the title of the papers rather suit the reason for the card too!).
- tights (because it’s f*cking cold)
Alamaro, M., Emanuel, KA, McGillis, W.: “Experimental Investigation of Air-Sea Transfers at High Wind Speed,” forthcoming in Journal of Fluid Mechanics.
I Caught Myself – Paramore
See, I originally wanted a Strawberry Blonde Lemonade, supposedly a Gladstones favorite. Michael made a face, and promptly suggested something better: the Blackberry Margarita. Perfectly sweet, and perfectly alcoholic. Now that was a drink!
Following are excerpts from addresses by Islamic scholar Sheik Yousuf Al-Qaradhawi, which aired on Al-Hiwar TV on February 15, 2008 and on Al-Jazeera TV on February 18, 2008.
Before I make you chase me to where I really am, let me explain why all the guest posts and interviews in a row, lol.
So far, I’ve come up with: noodles, eggs, gnocchi… and just straight licking it out off a spoon. Seriously, I was awake past midnight.
a congress of crows,
The grass starts to glow green and bright around
The upcoming United Nations Conference on Sustainable Development is about creating the
The Diet Solution program encourages people to eat healthy foods instead of staying away from them. It suggests altering the way people eat by going organic or with the correct proportion of food groups. It does not just tell people to eat more of one food group than the other but rather reminds people that healthy eating is the best thing to do.
Monday we planned a ton of Earth Day activities. We read tons of books and talked about what we can do to protect the Earth. One of the activities was from Fun 2B in First. Unfortunately I didn't get a picture of how they turned out, but let's just say Super Cute! As a culminating project, my students planted marigolds. I bought all my kids little clay pots at the Dollar Tree and they decorated them with paint pens. Again, (do you see a theme here?) I didn't get pictures of us planting them but I do have a picture of their finished product. We will be watering them and watching them grow for the next several weeks. They will get to take them home around Mother's Day.
25 epithet
I can’t believe Spencer is helpless towards a kid…
There are stories about bogus drugs and dirty needles used in certain areas.
happy birthday to me.
Play in the band! Do-dee do-dee-do!"
I have to put "tantrums" in quotes because they're truly just about 30 seconds of screaming and crying - not bad by toddler tantrum standards. I'm responding by getting physically accessible to her (getting down on her level, holding her, etc.), using very very short sentences to empathize with her ("Play with stove! I know! Fun stove buttons!"), then waiting for her to calm down a little and redirecting with an explanation as appropriate ("No stove. Stove hot - ow! Look! Phone buttons!"). It's roughly based on the Happiest Toddler On The Block book, and thus far it seems to be working alright. I like that I take the time to empathize and be emotionally available for her without compromising my position or authority. Do I have any idea if this is more effective than any other approach? Nope. Do I have the patience to do this every time she doesn't get her way? Absolutely not. My other tactic is to ignore her, which I do when I feel like screaming right back at her. But I'm trying. I'm also getting better at seeing a conflict before it happens and heading it off.
I've invested in a couple of banner ads for SECTOR C on moderately popular review sites and a FB ad that yielded no measurable results. I'll be thinking very carefully about future investments in banner ads for advertising purposes (immediate sales) versus marketing awareness.
243 ***3. “The Amendments to the Constitution of the United States: A Commentary.” Loyola University of Chicago Law Journal, vol. 23, pp. 631-865 (1992). (Sources: See Item B-6, above. Incorporated in Item B-6, above (1995).)
=S
These shortcakes are fantastic. They are light and airy, and have JUST the right amount of chocolate in them….enough to call it a dessert….but not too much that you can’t indulge and have them for breakfast – which is what we did. I whipped up some cream, defrosted some mixed berries….and voila…breakfast. All three of my “boys” were delighted. They were quite the treat.
Additional hints about the widespread, uncontained disposal of radioactive wastes of every type and description can be gleaned from many of the U.S. military source point citations; the question now is what is the location and what are the quantities of other isotopes characterizing reprocessed spent fuel including 238Pu, 241Pu and 242Pu which have been produced as waste during the production of more than 30,000 nuclear weapons? When will the Department of Energy reconcile the ORNL Integrated Database (IDB) with the report Plutonium: The First 50 Years issued in February of this year? The necessity for this reconciliation is noted at the end of the report on page 79: “The Department has formed a working group to analyze NMMSS, IDB, and other Departmental tracking systems and to make recommendations on the appropriateness of integrating the various inventory systems or developing a new tracking system for all forms of plutonium.”
My sweet and very best friend KB was there with her family. And she spotted something.. i was trying to let the air fill my lungs.. trying to 'hold it together' on the outside while every piece of me was shattering on the inside. I thought she was just walking over to talk to the kiddos.. then I heard her say ladybug.. what??
Ah yes, anyways… I think we all are familiar with the infamous “ScyFy B-Movie” (ScyFy being Klingon for “intentionally stupid”, one assume). I certainly am. With random monsters, awful acting, a lot of boobs, horrid writing, a lot of boobs, gore, boobs, and boobs, there are rather entertaining affairs. Certainly comedic. However, I find the Internet is gradually circumventing television in my life, due to the damn intercommies who need to learn their fucking place, thus preventing me from indulging in such guilty pleasures.
I think it's indicative of the times: in the 70s, everything was oriented towards the Boomers - kids were a footnote. There was an openness towards things considered solidly inappropriate today, and cinemas were full of adult oriented flicks, and precious little stuff for the kiddos. Look at the big budget movies for kids these days and compare them to pre-Star Wars kiddie flicks like the Herbie and Benji movies and Escape to Witch Mountain (1975). They were were few and far between, and quite often total shite.
My uncle owns 4 laundry mats in the town i live in. It is a very small town. I am positive he makes more then 25 to 40 grand annually. If you want to build a new one you could save thousands in the long run if you knew how to do electrian work and plumbing. I am not sure his exact figure but I can give you an idea how good a life you will have if it is a succesful laundry mat business. He lives on the lake in an over 1million $ house. He drives a Yukon just because he doesn't give a crap about cars. My cousin which is his daughter drives a new 2007 BMW. Recently he bought a brand new Mastercraft x30 paid in cash on the spot. So if you had a succesful one you could make alot of money."
If last night didn’t convince me that this People’s Partnership govt is visionless and desperate, then nothing will.
Like the beginning when stepping into eden
The mountain climbing and rappelling scenes are reminiscent of Cliffhanger (favourite Stallone movie evarr) whilst the tense forest shootouts and chase scenes have a Deliverance heavy feel. There's even something about The Wicker Man to the film's local Scottish village. It's not a very original movie, but that makes it no less pretty to watch. It could have been Melissa George sitting on the side of a mountain for two hours and I still would have enjoyed this. Heck, I could sit and stare just at Melissa George's grazed knee and be perfectly content.
Willy Wonka & The Chocolate Factory
Angle: From the balcony. Adjust: None.
On his return he offered me first, the half pint glass. Mmm lovely. He obviously put the beers in the wrong glasses. This was a delightful 8% Allagash - Flexus 2011French Style Farmhouse Ale. This would do very nicely for a start. However, I was soon to learn that this was his first choice and my beer was indeed in my third pint glass. Wow- absolutely gorgeous. He knows me so well.
This is a very large cartoon: "A cartoon is a form of two-dimensional illustrated visual art. While the specific definition has changed over time...... Cartoons were typically used in the production of frescoes, to accurately link the component parts of the composition when painted on damp plaster over a series of days (giornate). Such cartoons often have pinpricks along the outlines of the design; a bag of soot was then patted or "pounced" over the cartoon, held against the wall to leave black dots on the plaster ("pouncing"). Cartoons by painters, such as the Raphael and examples by Leonardo da Vinci, are highly prized in their own right."(Merriam Webster's Dictionary). I was very drawn to this piece, but did not have enough background on the subject to pull the trigger, even though the price was moderately alluring for the size and look. It is worthwhile to take photographs and notes when you shop. Next time, I'll look for pinpricks and soot.
Interestingly, the research also hinted that infection with EBV and its action on the immune system could also be playing a role in other brain diseases such as cancer and stroke.
The doctors and researchers had been obsessed with the idea of creating a genius like Einstien, a musician alike Mozart and so on. Currently, the new generation wants to breed a new set of off springs having unique set of intelligence and looks. This fascination for having superior breed of humans has existed from times immemorial
So, I'm just clicking away, taking family snapshots which are a different animal altogether from photographs although sometimes a family snapshot does rise to the level of a photography. But sometimes, I just set the camear on automatic and use it as a point and shoot camera although it is a bit heavier.
Wednesday- Estimation- this week a child brought in Starbursts to estimate
I really did intend to get to this sooner, but it’s the kind of news that doesn’t get old.
And I bet when you exploded into my heart
Important note regarding car seats and winter in general: Please, for the love of safety, do not put your baby in a bulky or fluffy snow suit or coat. The fabrics compress in a crash and leave room for the baby to fly out of the seat. One test to see if the coat is too bulky? Put the baby in the car seat while wearing it and tighten the straps appropriately. Then, without loosening the straps, take the baby out and remove the coat. Put the baby back in the seat without changing the tightness of the straps. With a fluffy snowsuit your reaction will probably be OMG THERE IS SO MUCH SLACK THAT IS SO SCARY OMG WHY DO THEY EVEN SELL THESE THINGS? We use a one-layer fleece jacket and the above fleece carseat cover and she's perfectly warm. If she needs to come out of her carseat and be in the cold, I bring a warm blanket, but really - when does that ever happen? Once she's out of the infant seat it will occur more, but that's when the ingenius "backwards coat" trick comes into play - once they are strapped into the carseat, put their big heavy fluffy coat over them backwards. Brilliant!
Yet, while the new crimes sometimes involved black assailants and white victims, police said there's no evidence at this point that race was a motive. At least one of the suspects is white.
While I applaud some of the weapon design – the magnet gun in particular was a good addition – the way the game has been made doesn’t really encourage experimenting with weapons because as you’re swarmed by 6 or 8 enemies all you need is your assault rifle to see them off.
I think the idea for dinner started out as a Taco Salad, but morphed into a Chili Salad along the way. No one complained. ;)
skirt, handmade using thrifted fabric (see tutorial); sweater top, thrifted; bronze eagle necklace, yard sale; handmade feather hair extension, Emily Neumeier (unfortunately, not yet for sale online)
We used existing hardware from an old shade we use to have in the space. I think I want it to lay a bit flatter to the window so we are going to mount it directly to the moulding this evening.
For those of you who don’t know Threadless Tees, look them up. They are an amazingly successful e-commerce t-shirt company based in Chicago that allows a community of artists to design t-shirts (each week a 1,000 t-shirts are designed) and display them for a popular vote on their website. The most popular designs, about 10 each week, are then printed and sold until they run out. The designers earn $2,000 cash for their designs and $500 in Threadless Tee gift cards. Additionally, any time a design is reprinted the designers earn $500 per print run.
A huge thank-you to Chris and Lazz for the invite as the day will hold many fond memories for many different reasons. From laughing at ‘over-refreshed’ ex test cricketers attempting to cough up a lung and launch a ‘ground strike’ from the other end at the same time in the gents toilets, to the almost surreal sight of seeing ex English test off spinner, John Emburey, graciously holding court with a large bloke called Scotty who plays in the fourths for a Geelong based team. The wily old bowler was so generous with his time for Scotty and his well-oiled mates and the scene was almost surreal with John offering advice on team success and Scotty following up with “A bloke once asked me what me ‘wagon wheel’ looks like and I told ‘im I ate it!! HAH!!”
Knitter or Crocheter
1. I prefer to eat my worms and grubs (and other such delicacies) with a light seasoning of olive oil and garlic - this is a little treat I discovered whilst on Earth. Since we don't have olive trees on Novapulse, I had to bring back crates of olive oil with me when I returned. Now I'm running low on supplies - 'cos it seems the other chickens like it too. Perhaps one of you would be willing to send me more? We could set up and import/export arrangement - you could send me olive oil, I could send you Granny Were when she's lunar...
This is exactly what the ANC has done. They have appointed Bheki Cele, a corrupt Mafioso wannabee Snoop Dog pimp type Black man in charge of the police as the National Police Commissioner. They have put him above the law and he went on and ordered the police to shoot to kill and ask questions later
School officials issued a statement saying they couldn't discuss the case, but they pointed out a school board policy that defines sexual harassment as any unwelcome sexual advance. There is no age limit.
LET THE SKY FALL
Eric and Sookie! Bill! Pam! YIKES!
World Compliment Day
Hayley Matthews is determined to be the best cheerleader she can. She works hard and pushes herself 110% all the time. Then Hayley finds a lump on her leg. The diagnosis is cancer. The prognosis is unclear. She could lose her leg. Or maybe her life.
2) Acknowledge your past by changing your future.
But after being arrested on suspicion of murder, Chaudhry claimed that her boyfriend - who is not the child's father - told her to do it. She says he instructed her to do it, whereas he says that they more or less figured it out together after talking about how to discipline her.
MORALS: In a crisis, fuck other people. Except you won’t survive without them. But also, fuck them.
11:45 am – 1 pm Lunch (on your own)
No matter, however, for Friday night was London Drinker night. Swinging my way into the weekend with the news of my second place in Pete Brown/ The Publican's new beer writer competition (check out petebrown.blogspot.com for the details) I was up for some classic beer fest fun. I got it, in the form of chats with lovely CAMRA friends, reunions with pals we had not seen for ages, Tombola fun, and of course some yummy ol' beers. But the organising dudes still need to learn to get more dark ones on; they all disappear so quickly! I even managed to kit Lorraine out in a pair of the highly desirable and hard to come by CAMRA earrings- all cool real ale girls should own a pair.
Cupertino
Aqua/Silver Glitter Organza
Length of the Campaign
Trying to find something new today,
“Me too. So what now?” i reply.
As for the “human connection” theme, the connections Jensen promises are buried within the deep lyrics if one wishes to go searching for them. However it is far too easy to get lost in the fast music and harmonious sounds of Simon’s voice. The repeat listener will be highly rewarded with finding new meaning behind each song with each successive listen.
The second set is called Cherish, this set is so pretty with the silhouette tree and some beautiful sentiments. I've seen a lot of embroidery hoop art about lately so decided to make my own version.
Denise would argue with her mother that she never complained about how she was treated as a Cinderella and how she never cared about her and only her golden daughters which began to cause more tension around the sisters.
I can’t wait to upload my photographs. But those of you who had been following my adventures know all too well that the next two weeks is going to be very VERY busy for me as I am campaigning with my own political party in the UK Local Elections. I hope to win a seat on the City of Edinburgh Council and put a stop to the Edinburgh trams farce by replacing it with my own piggyback to work scheme.
Summers are always so exciting! We get to sleep in and have lazy schedules and we don't have to fight the clock. We do fun things and get a little learning in to. Mostly we get to have fun with our family and friends and down time! Can't beat that! Here are some fun times in pics... our friend Ryan's b-day party, water play in the back yard, painting, tons of legos, going through the boys art work from school, lots of Wii, sleepover, Colton and Kasey meet a squirrel, Sonic run, Star Wars cookbook cooking, many trips to Chick-fil-a, endless Scooby Doo videos, Jump N Jungle, Children's Museum, YMCA splash pool, Apollo 40 anniversary at the Space Center, beach, camping in the living room, serving others, Jumpin Joeys, and San Antonio vacation with the Swiggards...
* Might it be that what really ruffled feathers here was a very pertinent dig at a very silly idea? ‘Fab City’?! That wouldn’t come from the same bright spark who thought ‘Cool Britannia’ was a winner, by any chance?
Learning to read body language is helpful in a lot of situations, but understanding the cues you send out and reading cues from others can be immensely helpful in a job interview. It’s especially important that you come of as pleasant and charming right off the bat because many decisions are made on the basis of a first impression. The most important thing is to avoid negative body language. For the most part you just want to avoid nervous ticks like touching your face and letting your leg become restless. You also don’t want to slouch or sit to rigidly. Basically, your goal is to appear comfortable but professional. If you can do that, you’ll be in good shape.
- An editorial in the July 14, 2011 Washington Post reached the following conclusion: "A balanced budget amendment would deprive policymakers of the flexibility they need to address national security and economic emergencies." By extension, does that mean without a balanced budget amendment, our political class will keep us safe and handle all of our economic problems?
Analysis: Kalil has been a consensus pick for awhile, personally I think the Vikes trade this pick if they get the chance, they’ve got quite a few holes and there are a lot of promising LT in this class. Even if they do keep the pick Blackmon would fill a big need at Receiver. Percy Harvin isn’t enough, and his injury history makes getting Christian Ponder some targets an even more urgent need.
Happy decorating friends. You never stop needing your Mama. If your mom is still around give her a call. Better yet, give her a big squeeze and show her how much you love her.
Internet Millionaire Secret #1: Internet millionaires recognize that strategy should be the foundation of any marketing plan. It is critical to have a marketing strategy and not just jump into marketing techniques. For example, we don’t have to use mass advertising anymore because mass advertising doesn’t have strength because consumers have choices. You would have wasted valuable time and money if you used mass marketing techniques without first strategizing about the state of the market.
We’d all like to grow more social businesses. After hearing about the positive effects that social media can have on our business, in terms of new customers, better word of mouth and brand perception, we’re sold on the idea. But that doesn’t mean we know what growing a social business truly entails. Sure, there’s the company Twitter account, but what does “being social” mean to every day operations? What does that look like on an internal level and what do you need to shift inside your organization to increase that sense of socialness with your customers and your employees?
After my last post I had a few emails asking about the "eyes" in the tile. I've drawn these since I was a child and I'm sure there must be a million other individuals who do the same thing, but as I haven't seen instructions formalized anywhere, I thought I'd answer the emails with this:
With my job change, came a change of school for Madison and Olivia. I'm still in awe of how well they did with the transition and how much the LOVE their new school. Plus, I'm in the classroom right next door to them and our paths cross constantly throughout the morning...which all three of us are LOVING!
Why is the Super Mario Bros. theme so perfect for SMB? It has a lot to do with the scale chosen, the melody, the tempo with its exciting beat, and it’s octave. I have learned enough to understand this, but there is something about the structure as well. There is something about SMB’s music that makes it perfect. Perfect enough that if you meet an Italian Plumber with a red t-shirt and blue jean overalls you instantly start da-da-da-dadump-da’ing in his face and making the walking sound as he waddles down the street.
So, instead of kicking people out who disagree or offend, we love them back into the group. One of the greatest offenses that Christianity has committed against a dying and lost world is that we have systematically removed ourselves from society by segregating ourselves, and by kicking out anyone who doesn’t fit the mold. If we follow the model of Jesus then we will draw people to us. Without compromising Truth, we can at the same time not compromise Love. Our witness to the world consists in our being the type of Christians who the watching world will see and say, “Wow…look at how they love…I need some of that!” Instead I’m afraid that they know us by who and what we oppose. When Jesus ascended into heaven he left us one final legacy. He said that the world would know we are his and that he was sent by God if we love one another. At one time the Roman historian Tertullian said, “See how these Christians love one another!” When you ask someone today what they think of when they think of Christians, that is not the first answer you will get!
Some believe that the cost of organic cosmetics is greater
Because most clothing stores do not sell clothing in my size anymore. Can you believe it?!
You know I’d have to say that the biggest blessing for my family since we started Bayou Teche Brewing is all of the cool new friends we have made in the last two years. Though many of these new friends are in the beer industry, most are involved in wonderful things that have very little to do with hawking beer.
In addition, we also see reduction in water consumption as a big need in this industry. We offer silicone-based solutions, which if mixed along with building materials helps reduce water consumption and helps improve the strength of the material.
A fine Royal No. 10 rounded out the selection. The Olivetti Valentine has already been pictured, and the seventh typewriter was an AZERTY-keyboard Remington Noiseless 7 in grey crinkle paint that I only just realized I forgot to photograph. A curious passerby was testing out the keys, so I moved on to look at the other machines and then forgot about the Noiseless. Ah, well.
Science and technology provide many societal benefits, such as the enhancement of economic growth or quality of life. They also can produce negative, unintended consequences. Most societies promote science and technology, but this can be costly. Establishment of IPRs that protect new works and give innovators the right to profit from their creations provides incentives for expensive innovation without the need for direct government subsidies. At the same time, IPRs may maintain or aggravate wealth inequities.
When you deeply have to decide
But the most disappointing character is far and away Anthony Quinn’s Captain Vinolas, a surprisingly boring villain. We see him romancing a mistress and lighting candles asking God to help him slay Artiguez, but that’s it as far as his psychological troubles go. Zinnemann also fails to draw striking parallels between Vinolas and Artiguez. You’d think Quinn and Peck would have a lot in common, but the most Zinnemann can do is make them both out to be incredibly salty, lecherous men who can’t seem to resist checking out a fine woman’s ass.
it’s all amazing,
And then we have the actual volume of complaints.
A Kansas man who was preparing for the end of the world by making and storing grenades was sentenced this week to 21 months in federal prison.
Kurt Xxxxxxxxx
I’ve had to let go of some things I want to do in order to accomplish the absolute bottom line of what I was looking for in retirement–and that is to enjoy myself without having to answer to a long list of other people for my time. I’m to say that I’m accomplishing that in spades.
I really dont like 3D at all and as a fan of Sony, it’s been disappointing to see the company push 3D so hard and game games suffering a bit because of the need to include 3D support. You could use that memory for something better.
Frustrating. How was I going to write a nonfiction biography about a man whose birth date I couldn’t even confirm? I decided not to let that be an obstacle. I plotted the varying dates on the timeline, noting the source. I’d nail down exact dates later.
I don't have a huge yarn stash, but I certainly do have one. Over the years, one acquires yarn to precious to use up or trade away. Because I have moved 3 times in as many years, I have de-stashed quite a bit, but still... The natural dyed silk (much of it 50/2) was custom dyed for me by Cheryl Kolander in the mid-80's. I have been carrying it around knowing that I would weave something with it some year. This will be the year!
Written by Eric Kimmel. Illustrated by Trina Schart Hyman. Ages 4-8.
Close ups are needed ^_^
After an item is sold, I will remove from this list.
The Murphy clan have every reason to reject authority (well, apart from that of church of course, but more about that in a minute) and Truman to an extent has to bend to their will in the hope of being able to communicate with them meaningfully outside of his professional role. On the other hand, this ends up working to the advantage of the plot, albeit through some outrageous coincidences. That is to say, while Truman comes to understand the plight of the disadvantaged Murphy family and of those just like them and opts to try to help, it also turns out that Johnnie is the firebug that he has been looking for all along when at CID. In this case, the Lord really does seem to be moving in mysterious directions – and yes, God, she does make an appearance here, in the shape of the always wonderful Peter Cushing as Father Laidlaw. In many ways he is there to symbolise that sense of social cohesion that the filmmakers are suggestion is sometimes lacking and worth striving for. Johnnie certainly says to the padre that he feels completely disconnected from those around him, even the gang members, and just can’t seem to resolve his own conflict. The Murphy family may resent the police (Cathie never really stops covering up for her brother, even after he is responsible for at least one death), but hasn’t given up on the church – indeed Johnnie almost makes a clean breast of crimes to the priest but Truman inadvertently walks in on them and so sabotages the attempt.
Western establishment media organs are tripping over themselves to broadcast tragic footage showing the death of a young Iranian woman allegedly at the hands of pro-Ahmadinejad forces in an effort to rally international opinion against the government of Iran, a stark contrast to their complete and total refusal to broadcast footage of the hundreds of thousands of innocent women and children killed in Afghanistan and Iraq by U.S. and UK troops.
Hello, Catherine…welcome back to reality..Haven’t seen you here in years!!!
I did think it was cute but I also realized I was taking a risk by using a beach theme. I'm looking forward to seeing what did make the cut for the call, as I really wasn'T sure what they were looking for.
behind the lens.
big ears flapping,
Errr. What eyeshadow? (I hate you Rudeboy. Was that really necessary?)
According to your faith and acceptance of The Truth…
Outside the window there are soldiers,
But when I was going through my camera photos, I found this one from spring break and wanted to share it with you:
Another weekend has passed and not much packing has been accomplished…I hate to admit. But the past two days weren’t an entire loss: Nico and I squared away the recyclables and came up with a plan ‘B’ to carry us over here after our lease is up. It seems that the restoration of Peniki is going to take a bit longer than we’d anticipated; as for the cost, that too is climbing and climbing. Ugh! *cavewoman grunt*
Why can’t I just watch? But I can’t just watch.
What was the timeline from spark to publication, and what were the significant events along the way?
7. Thai food
4) Purge: Amy says that a good look at the items in your closet could help to put your spending practices into perspective. Plus, if you haven’t worn something in a year, then chances are you’re not going to. Donate it to go Goodwill where it will resurface in the reuse market.
Enjoy the journey.
The plan is backed by Work and Pensions Secretary Iain Duncan Smith, who says fathers should have both a right and a responsibility to be formally acknowledged by the state.
Age: 7
1 teaspoon vanilla (or coconut flavoring, I used 1/2 tsp vanilla and 1/2 tsp coconut)
Delay, claims Mahathir, would compel Pakatan Rakyat to abide by the schedule prescribed by the constitution and needed by a reforming-wanting PM.
2. Memorize Scripture and quote it – Satan cannot argue with God’s truths
Soccer, in contrast, embraces a blessed simplicity that resists the sort of institutionalization described above. A pile of rags bound by some string can become a ball. Indeed, the best to ever play the game learned to play with such a ball. Two trees can become a goal. Any grassy area can become a field. The rules are simple: the ball is round, you play it with anything aside from your hands and arms, you don’t try to injure an opponent, you put the ball in the goal. Within those bounds, you are free to do whatever you want. And even in the case where someone is practicing a specific technique, like my niece and her “Maradona,” it’s often a technique inspired by the brilliance of a Zidane, whose connection to the ball was so instinctive and natural it sometimes seemed as if the ball was merely an extra limb.
Let us look at the arguments of those who believe these two passages don’t really condemn homosexuality at all.
The U.S. (justifiably) doesn't come out looking very good in any of these three books. Needham's book is perhaps the most contemporary in its outlook, dealing with current policies and financial crimes whose origins are in the U.S. Cotteril's and Hallinan's books deal with the lingering spillover of the U.S. involvement in Vietnam into other countries in the region. Rafferty's book, though, has some of the same basic structure as Needham's (innocent bystander caught up in a high stakes mess not of his own making) but The Fear Artist is more of a conventional thriller in some ways. But with a twist, in terms of what the book's primary concern really is.
Open to international residents. (Yay!)
i'm happy i know the people i know
I feel like I did when Makenzie first died. I became obsessed with every single thing of hers. I didn't even want people to look at certain things because it wasn't for their eyes. I feel like I am doing the same thing but in reverse. I am obsessing over T's things before he even gets here. Things he has yet touch or see or feel. Everything has to be protected and preserved for him.
Thank you, Valorie, for allowing me to snag all of the above photos from here and there on your blog, and for letting me brag on you and your well deserved spot in the fabulous book
I'm enjoying a beautiful morning here at the Jammi Homestead...the sun is shining and the air is filled with the crispness of early Spring. That of course, is outside the house, where I am not. My beautiful morning consists of starting the workday by gazing at my bank of monitors and getting ready for a day of reporting comparisons - which can actually be fun, except that after an hour of peering at the screens, my eyes are begging to be punched out. Soon, I'll hear my contractor hammering away and the crack of 2x4s falling. The smell of sheetrock dust will again be in the air. Sheetrock dust, in case you don't know is like sin, it clings to everything and it goes everywhere, no matter how hard you try to contain it...it is impossible.
They conclude that most viewers actually prefer to see ads with kids or animals.
That decision will take into account the possible outcome of November’s U.S. presidential election.
- rutabaga (cubed)
1. Golgotha
RESPECT:
- Posted using BlogPress from my iPad.
1 whole medium-sized banana sliced
OK, God.
On the corner of Sutphin Boulevard and 91st Avenue in Queens is King Fish. From outside, it is hard to imagine that this establishment, with its small store front and simple sign, is one of the most popular in the borough. Traffic through here is always constant which can easily be due to New York's dense population but which just as easily can be attributed to the impressive selection of seafood here. Red snapper, grouper heads, scungilli, king fish. An excellent variety to say the least; a selection that caters to the city's diverse communities - those grouper heads are a favorite among Trinidadians for fish soup.
The rest of the basement really still looks the same. Now the junk is organized into boxes of similar junk. Kitchen crap in three boxes, decor crap in four boxes, etc. See? Pictures do not look very different.
In the end I liked the zucchini with sauce better than the pasta version. Zucchini with meat sauce ended up being the perfect pairing. I tried to eat everything on my plate, but after finishing the zucchini, I didn’t have a lot of room for pasta.
This was new to me, a real vitis labrusca or foxy wine grape.
86. Hurry Up Harry -- Sham 69
Well I haven't blogged in a while, but I'm ready to jump back in. Even if it's just a little blurb a few times a week.
Testing should start at six months for children at risk for lead poisoning. Based on these test results and a child’s risk factors, the doctor will then decide whether further testing is needed and how often. In some states, more frequent testing is required by law.
In the case of Uniloc, Microsoft was found to infringe Uniloc's patent directed to software "product key" technology that helped prevent "casual copying" of software products. The jury awarded Uniloc $388M in damages. The damage award was based on the testimony of Uniloc’s expert, Dr. Gemini. Gemini opined that the damage calculation was based on the value of a product key ($10) multiplied by 25% of the value of the product (Windows XP, Microsoft Word), resulting in a baseline royalty rate of $2.50 per license issued.
12:00 - Lunch time: peanut butter and jelly sandwiches, cantaloupe, pretzels
“Stupidity” continued nonetheless. America’s “battle plan” was a carbon-copy of what the flailing French had used; “no clear objective, an unrealistic concept, an over reliance upon airpower and an underestimation of the enemy,…”.
On any given day in San Francisco: I might be on a Muni bus, elbow to elbow with a little old lady carrying too many grocery bags, right behind a man in a suit checking his iPhone, trying not to bump into the punk rock kids who are late for school. When I get off the bus, I walk past a small alley where a couple of homeless men have set up camp, and I tip toe gingerly past them because it somehow feels like I’m trampling over their living room.
For those of you who don't know, Saleabration lasts from 30 December to 28 February. During this time, for every £45 you spend on Stampin' Up! goodies, you get an exclusive, limited edition stamp set absolutely free! The stamp sets this year are absolutely beautiful. As can be seen below:
First,we extend a big thank you to all of you who entered our Special Monthly Challenge last week sponsored by those lovely people at Simon Says Stamp.
Oeps, I completely forgot to post some new press on my blog. I posted some of it on facebook and can't remember if I tweeted. TOO many things to maintain! Anyway I am proud to share this wonderful artist profile in Dutch magazine Residence which since the arrival of editor in chief Jantien Nunnikhoven has become an absolute gem. Jantien also asked me to do an illustraion for the magazine with the theme "Holland's Glorie". Thank you Residence, Jantien and team for the wonderful exposure!
He lays on my belly and they place a blanket on us and a hat on his head. My midwife starts pushing on my tummy for the placenta to come out. A few minuets later she told me to give a small push, and out pops the placenta. She put it in a pink tub and shows it to me and describes it to us in detail. So cool. This organ nourished my baby for almost 40 weeks. Wow. God's design is so amazing.
Some other conditions that are related to chest pain in young women include vulvular heart disease, mitral prolapse, rheumatic heart disease, mitral slenosis, angina etc. Pulmonary embolism, which is caused by blood clots in the major blood vessels that carry blood to the lungs, can produce chest pain. Pneumothorax, esophageal reflux and costochondritis can also be responsible for causing chest pain. It has been observed that chest pain in women can also arise from stress and anxiety.
These and like sayings have had to be fulfilled by many kings and great princes, from the beginning to the present day. They have become examples, though they had God’s commandment and authority and right.
A mobile court of Rapid Action Battalion (RAB) has fined a food processing firm for adulterating cheese at the city's Jatrabari.
I make no bones about my perception of lacking maturity in my colleagues. Any frequent reader to my blog will attest to my clear repugnance for those who talk on their cell phones during class, or carry on a conversation with their neighbor during a lecture. To subject me to this "hand-holding" when I am 31 years old, however, is an insult to my intelligence.
4 ) A Mind-Reading Headset
Umno, MCA and MIC* = Initially the three major ruling parties represent ethnic Malay, Chinese and Indian respectively, forming Barisan National with other parties. Now Barisan National is the major political coalition in Malaysia.
1 - If you have no idea what to say either write out the whole speech or a few points you want to make sure your say.
When you reach the end of the West House Trail turn left on the dirt road and walk the short distance to the spillway that lies between Lake Jeannette and Lake Townsend. The spillway is perhaps 30 to 40 yards in length. It features a rickety bridge, a steady flow of water and a waterfall through a final dam at the lower end. Compared to the other spillways in the area, this one is larger and feels more remote and untended.
Someone I really could care for
The idea here is to bring passion back to compassion; not including change with change. Make every moment of compassion an intimate encounter.
Taslin said, "Follow close. Anything could separate us."
Hillary Rosen is a top level Obama strategist. As well as a woman-and-motherhood basher.
I am still on my CAS pursuit of excellence since I do not feel confident making CAS cards. It is so hard for me to stop adding “stuff” to my cards LOL.
A technical operator for a television network
I have a tour guide business, and I was contacted by Yormark’s assistant to help familiarize Yormark with Brooklyn. It was before Yormark was hired in January 2005--the fall of 2004, I believe--well before I became immersed in Atlantic Yards. He didn't need to be sold on Atlantic Yards; rather, he needed to be able to show his potential employer he'd made an effort to learn something about the borough.
Tell me something about the songs and artwork of the album, and about your deal with DARK DESCENT!
Our hens free-range, which means they come and go from their barn as their little hearts desire. They are not cooped, not caged, not enclosed in any way. We have a pasture fence, but they make short work of hopping it to the front yard, or paying my garden a visit. They eat a lot of bugs. And grass. And weeds. And more bugs….you know, what chickens are supposed to eat! We also give them “treats”– basically organic table scraps like fruit cores (they LOVE pear and apple cores; melons and grapes), organic oatmeal, organic bread crusts. And, of course, cracked corn. We eat organically, and since we eat our chicken’s eggs, we feed them organically, too.
And as Anneke Jong pointed out on women’s career site the Daily Muse, only a minority of the women on recent “women in technology” lists seem to have coding skills. Many of the most powerful women in tech, like former TechCrunch CEO Heather Harde and Facebook COO Sheryl Sandberg, rose to their positions not from the world of Java and HTML but from business roles.
If you're looking for something to do in the forthcoming Bank Holiday weekend – look no further, there's a cracking beer festival requiring your presence.
Just how many people have passed through this door over the years I wondered? Today I suspect merely those intent of playing the bells that hang high above, certainly not to fix the clock on the side that appears to have been stuck at three minutes past twelve for ten years! Right next to the church is an old school building dating to the 1500's. I wondered why there were names cut into the wood. Graffiti has always been with us. We must let the world know we exist.
This month Jill and Mel gave us Bo Bunny ranges to work with and I had the absolutely stunning Country Garden . I cannot believe that I cut the butterflies from every sheet of paper to make this layout, which was the first project I made this month - leaving myself without a single whole sheet of paper to finish my DT work with!
"I rarely hang photographs that I have made on the walls of my home. After seeing this image printed at 42 inches, I found it virtually hung itself! I could not resist. Photographer friends that visit find it hard to believe it was made with a 35mm camera. It has the look of a print made from a large format camera. I now wonder what is left in the advance of camera technology."
4. X-Men: First Class – Okay, so first off you have the X-Men who I have always loved. Then you put them in a movie that has the feel of a 1960s James Bond movie? We got a winner! Directed by the guy behind Stardust and Kick-Ass? YES! After the awful misfired of X-Men: The Last Stand and X-Men Origins: Wolverine, this is exactly the fresh start the series needed. The film is well-cast and the key characters are well-developed (though some suffer from being mostly background characters). This movie proves that the superhero comic book adaptation genre has more versatility than previously thought.
Driver- “Hey Skeeter.”
Zines and other underground publications are hard to find or unavailable in stores, although you may be able to find zines in some libraries or at independent bookstores (especially in larger cities). The best way to find out about zines is through word of mouth and networking. There are several publications that review zines, giving ordering information for the zine as part of their review. There are also several online communities where zine publishers network and promote their zines. A few of these are listed at the end of this handout.
SM Entertainment has just released the sixteenth teaser for EXO ahead of the boy band’s upcoming debut, introducing members D.O. and Su Ho!
is called "Tiffany Dreams" and stars Tiffany ...
Initially, when we first registered, we had no clue what we wanted in a stroller and a car seat. I just knew that I wanted to be able to snap the car seat into the stroller, for easy travel. So, we ended up gravitating to the “travel systems”. I had heard of Chicco and Graco, but that was about it. Did I think to check out reviews and safety information online before registering? Of course not. So, we registered at random for the Chicco Cortina Travel System – Azura. It looked nice, and we liked the color. But, did we try to fold it up? No. Did we see how heavy it was? No. Did we even wheel it around the store? No. We were officially baby-stuff-buying rookies. So needless to say, I started to have buyer’s…err…register’s remorse.
Brace yourself, people. You are entering the world of Jackwagons gone wild. Say What? is a series of quotes that I collect as I go about my daily business of deciphering the “news”. I take no responsibility for any keyboards or monitors you may ruin in the course of reading this column. There is also bound to be NSFW language along the way, consider yourself warned. Be sure to look for link Easter Eggs as you go. Please keep your head and arms inside the ride at all times. Enjoy!
What is a normal “writing” workday like for you?
Have you noticed a few changes around here? I'm playing around and remembering things from that one HTML class I took five years ago. Anywho...
I'm sidling closer to carry on inhaling.
Tools = Big Shot, Nestabilities, Shapeabilities, Cottage Floral embossing folder, and Stamp-a-ma-jig
Wrapping Paper
Special thanks go to the developers from mingw-w64 this time, because without their work, this release simply wouldn’t contain 64 bit binaries and Patrick von Reth who worked on the 64 bit support on the KDE side, and who just made this release happen.
I wanted to ask him if he would help me re-program the front seat on my Silverado, that I couldn’t figure out how to do. “Sure", he said, "lets go look at it”. When I shut it off and remove the key, the seat automatically slides all the way back so you can easily get out, which is fine. However, then when you come back and unlock the doors the seat automatically slides way up forward. So far forward, that I can’t even get in. Then I have to push a button on the dash and to move it back into my previously memorized position. I told Bill I wanted it just to stay all the way back until I get in, then I can push the button and have it slide into my memorized "personal" position. Bill says, “OK, we can do that”. He pushed a few buttons, turned the key switch off and on a couple times and said “There, try that”. Awwww....perfect, that’s the way I want it. Whew, glad to get that done. I must have tried to do that 50 times and couldn’t get it right. I knew Bill could do it. So we were off to see Prescott....you know the usual places, Costco, Sam’s and Wal-Mart. Then, of course, the Gun Shop!!
'Well, you need three things. A can of red paint, a can of blue paint and a shovel.'
Now, for those of you who I didn't have at "zombie."
understand me
With Minced Meat, Topped With Bechamel Sauce,
On Cicero Avenue, William and Jane pick up an 88-year old hitchhiker named George Morrison (William introduces himself as "William White"). Morrison claims he ran away from home even though his "daughter" begged him not to. He proceeds to tell William and Jane some highly unlikely stories, among them a tale that he fought in the Spanish-American War at San Juan Hill and that Colonel Theodore Roosevelt told him to "Beat that drum, boy, beat it like hell." He also claims he also fought in World War I at St. Mihiel, and that he comes from Point Pleasant, Ohio.
1.- Click on the link below
» 11/16 – Tampa, FL @ St. Pete Times Forum
March 18 The Blue Door, Oklahoma City OK acoustic duo
I received an extra special parcel in the post recently. You see I have been on a serious yarn diet for the past month or so, which has meant far less mail of the yarn type. But in the past week I received a yarn surprise that has most certainly made up for the lack of yarn parcels. Do you want to see?
Sunday 22nd April, we got up early – there are few things that get us out of our scratcher at a decent time on the weekends, Formula 1 is one of them!
Hello there! I am so excited to join Nicole in helping you make your fat file on Cloth Diapers! First let me start with a brief introduction…my name is Andrea, and I am a stay-at-home mommy to two precious kids – a girl and a boy. I started using cloth diapers after bringing my newborn daughter home from the hospital in November of 2009. I have been addicted ever since! And until recently, I owned a small online retail store called Doable Diapers - it was the result of my addiction!
Recent research shows that – During the first 6 months of life, babies have the ability to babble using sounds that make up all the languages in the world. They then learn to talk using only the sounds and words they pick up from their surroundings, most importantly from their caregivers. A baby’s brain will then slowly discard the ability to speak in languages he or she does not hear. Children need to be exposed to a different language for at least 30 percent of their waking hours to become multilingual.
AFP
Jude's ventilator settings are minimal and we are hopeful that he will be able to continue to use those beautiful lungs that are now open and no longer covered by other organs!
or a monster.
Thank you--and may you and yours be well.
What could be more ridiculous?
Now what to do with them??
also, i want/need: one of those dark blue s.h.i.e.l.d uniforms and loki’s skirt thing.
He has been doing gymnastics since he was 5 years old. The only one of my kids who was a climber, (the other kids would climb on the monkey bars, Trevor would always be the kid on top of the monkey bars) I figured that if he was going to climb then he was going to have to learn how to fall. I enrolled him in a gymnastics class and within a few weeks, he was put on the boys’ team.
Not all homes come with storage for vehicles and other associated items. However, building a garage can be quite costly and really involve a lot of heavy duty construction.
Deborah Riley-Magus’ Creating an Effective Business Plan
Then, what is bribery? – a form of pecuniary corruption, is an act implying money or gift given that alters the behavior of the recipient.
Melt the margarine in a saucepan and add the peanut butter. Stir until melted and dissolved. Add the sugar by the cup and stir until completely incorporated. Put the fudge in a pan that is suitable for your desired thickness of the fudge. Chill until firm (about 45 minutes) and cut in cubes.
When using a tracking method like this, another thing to consider is if the number displayed/markers present show the amount of wounds suffered or the amount of wounds left. I am leaning towards tracking the amount of wounds remaining, since I think that is easier for my opponent. If I track the wounds suffered, then my opponent has to know how many wounds my model has to start with to know how many are left.
"Portrait of Vanessa Bell" by Duncan Grant, 1917-1918
Councillor Waters may as well stop wasting his time with this, COYC "Officers" and their equally inept partners North Yorkshire Police have no intention of doing anything proactive about this problem. It wouldn't surprise me at all if they'd all been issued with questionnaire to that goes something like this: 1) Does the animal concerned have distinctive brown and white markings? 2) Was it tethered near suspiciously similar beasts, have these animals been reported to us by several concerned motorists and the RSPCA. 3) Is the animal already in the road and been involved in several near misses? 4) Was the animal tethered near a residence of non-permanent nature populated by people whose identity is a little difficult to ascertain, who may have a rough working knowledge of the law and are able to avoid answering questions placed to them? 5) Is the animal dead or injured having been struck by a moving vehicle? If the answers to any of questions 1-4 are yes if you work for the council tell the caller to ring the RSPCA or police, if you work for the police tell the caller to ring the council, please note there is as yet no defined limit to amount of times a caller may be referred from one partner organisation to the other in these instances. If the answer to question 5 is yes and you work for the council advise the caller to ring the police, if you work for the police immediately dispatch traffic units from their current position outside Mcdonalds at Bilton Top to check the vehicle involved’s tyre tread depth, wipers, insurance, drivers vision, licence and blood alcohol level. On no account are officers to make any effort to locate the owner of the horse once they don’t answer the caravan door. If the answer to any of questions 1-5 is no the animal concerned may be safely in a field, owned by someone who lives in a house and of no real concern to any organisation other than the RSPCA. If you work for the council tell the caller to ring the police, if you work for the police immediately dispatch all available officers in high visibility clothing equipped with luxury 4wd’s and at least two firearms support units, officers are to chase the animals haplessly round fields for at least six hours without the aid of specialist tools such as a 50ft rope strung between two blokes. Once it has been clearly noted that the animals pose no danger and have no access to any road get the firearms boys in to turn them into Pedigree Chum on the grounds you are thick , can’t think of any other solution and control has told you there is no overtime getting paid on this one. So it would seem that there’s a certain reluctance, on the part of the authorities, to act against a defined identity group even when H&S is at risk, and when it could cost them dear in a court case…
If you’re having a hard time grasping that God wants you to have
Then the Chinese meaning is longevity. I like this one. Some other characteristics are warmth, nourishment and some negative meanings are haughtiness, false appearances and unhappy love. Great...now I'm just confused again.
I haven't had one of these in a long time. I should go find someone who would be willing to purchase these for my use.
Today is Autism Awareness Day and son C, who has an autism spectrum disorder, is vehemently opposed to the entire concept. He explained why very eloquently on his Facebook page, and I won't copy and paste his words here, but I will say he gave me a lot to think about.
~Janelle
Being the frugal girl that I am...I managed to get two stickers onto each label....so that is 1050 stickers in total!!! The best thing is, they are custom made and so much cuter than anything I could find in the stores:)
2. You don’t care about the majority of Americans.
Because, my beautiful dame, you have witnessed the exodus of some of your more doting sons and daughters. Never has a song sounded more truthfully than when it claims that 'if my eyes ever deserted you/if life banished me to another place on this Earth/I swear to you that I'll die of love and angst wanting to walk your streets, your parks and places.'
Strawberry.
You may recall some news last August about a condo developer riding into Kings County, wanting to erect a cluster of 60 and 80-foot buildings in the Columbia Heights Waterfront District without so much as a by-your-leave from the neighborhood. The suddenly announced plans were to be discussed at a Aug. 23 Community Board 6 meeting, which was just as suddenly canceled an hour or two before it was to take place. (The meet was to go head to head with a Carroll Gardens Town Hall meeting at Scotto's Funeral Parlor, in which City Council Member Bill de Blasio will discuss the desired downzoning of Carroll Gardens—a timing that made nobody happy.)
There are so many roles women play, juggling life, love and their own sense of being.
Their flag flies for something they call Uncivilisation (what better thing to fly your flag for?!) - a kind of steep brambly path towards some sort of wild and old truth which we are invited to head for as the citadels of civilisation crumble around us. The thing is, they say, in removing ourselves from nature (as if we were not part of it), we have forgotten the importance of stories, though they are being woven around us second by second in the advertisement-saturated fast-paced life of now. We are all constantly telling ourselves stories about How Things Are; these stories are tweaked and upheld and strive to keep us feeling safe. But their threads are coming loose and we're beginning to see the face of the Storyteller beyond the woodsmoke. He's reminding us of the old stories, the ones that thrummed in us and in the earth, the ones that were true, and not just sleeping pills to keep the economy "growing".
It’s your job to see Learning in places that you’re not used to seeing learning. I was even able to find it in Ed, Edd & Eddy cartoons…it’s there if you look. It’s everywhere if you look. And once you start seeing it, the world will open up to you and your child.
"Mulder, you're wrong. These are just the acts of kids playing in the snow," she replied. "Haven't you ever made a snow angel?"
Fast-forward to autumn, 2008. James, my husband, and I were attending a creativity retreat in Massachusetts hosted by our friend Jill Badonsky. It was here that I saw my first SoulCollage® card. Jill had asked the participants to bring a creative project to share with the group. I brought my art journals, James had his leatherwork, and as we went around the room sharing our respective creative endeavors, Michele Audet pulled out a box with her beautiful SoulCollage® cards. I was transfixed. I’d never seen anything like it, and I knew that this powerful form of self-expression was for me! I spent much of that weekend looking through Michele's deck, and the first thing I did when we returned home was to begin making my own cards.
Speaking of the all powerful and wonderful Pinterest... this recipe was one that I pinned on my board of recipes to try. I may be completely, absurdly obsessed with lemon and almost always check out all of the recipes with lemon in them.
To be honest, I think the wheel needs some screws tightening (don't we all) and I need to make consistent effort in making time to practice. But the other day I got a bit fed up with it all going more wrong than right (I really think I'm going to be one of those people unable to DO spinning, if indeed such people exist. Which they do now) so reverted to old faithful... my drop spindle.
Jaela - play
My early education was influenced by this socio-political context. The English language was forced upon all the Puerto Rican students as the main vehicle of learning. Many teachers in those days expressed resentment of this fact, and their resentment carried an independentista message directly to their students. The preservation of our national language became an important tool against colonialism in the absence of sufficient strength to oppose the fierce repression through other means.
I watch liquorice strings and refreshers, milk bottles and penny chews,
The same goes for the frequently patronising coverage of arts institutions outside London in general. The media has been full of tut-tutting about financial and other issues facing newer regional venues like Gateshead’s Baltic and The Public in West Bromwich, but considerably less on the successes of places like the New Art Gallery in Walsall or Nottingham Contemporary.
Tinnitus is a an unusual noise that originates in the ear or in the head. It may arise at the outer area of the ear, or the middle ear. This is not just a symptom but a major annoyance.. Fluid, infection, or disease of the middle ear bones or ear drum can also cause tinnitus. Hypnotherapy can be very effective in treating tinnitus. This technique was verified through research to help patients with Tinnitus. Check out the Research below.
Alien Lanes: 12
Book Info: Published by Laurel-Leaf Books; 179 pages; read on my Nook
Taken from 'Man From Another Time' (released October 2009)
by the rush of wind.
- We will be randomly selecting 1 winner from the comments on the blog and will announce the winner on Sunday, Nov. 6th!
A FEW CHOICE DESCRIPTIONS OF POE:
So just remember, when you see people jumping up and down on television and a physically perfect looking young gentleman holding up his new team’s jersey tomorrow, it could be a future Hall of Famer.
Then I returned from spring break to find my Friendverse profile hacked. Someone clearly out to ruin me had spilled the most damaging secrets - AND posted the worst photos of me ever taken - online.
(Sorry, I had to borrow those last two pictures from Google because I forgot to take my own in the stores. Oops.)
About Nicole….
I was proud to share this home remedy with our housekeeper Auri, since normally she is the one who gives me advice on what to take. To avoid an allergic reaction if you get bitten by a tabano (a horsefly) you do the following: You kill a few tabanos in advance and put them in alcohol. Now if you get bitten, you just put some of the alcohol on the bite. You might think I am crazy, but it does seem to help. And yes, it is disgusting, too.
I have homemade roasted garlic paste to use whenever I want.
But there are a number of large employers as well. The average time for homes to sit on the fairmont hotel in kansas city of America because it is simple to search for nuclear construction projects. In fact many companies in this kind of job. In short construction in the fairmont hotel in kansas city and explore the fairmont hotel in kansas city and its culture. Check out the fairmont hotel in kansas city and the fairmont hotel in kansas city and the fairmont hotel in kansas city and to prevent you from getting lost.
Drug Absorption and Exercise
"Left and to the Back" will be taking a break while you lot chew on your mince pies and fiddle with the Beach Boys box sets you got as presents while the rest of your family nag you to do something else instead. It's not quite Christmas yet, I'll grant you, but nonetheless the reading figures usually start to plummet around about now, and I've got a busy festive season ahead so unfortunately won't be in a good position to keep the blog updated.
Jaeger-LeCoultre is today widely regarded as one of the most innovative players in the watch making industry. Having played a prominent role in the history of watch making, and producing distinctive, luxury and often unique watches Jaeger-LeCoultre watches often wins awards as chosen by the public and expert panels alike.
I seen the area within the magnetosphere on earth radiate with a magnetic flow. I could see and feel it circulating clockwise just under the area of earth where the magnetosphere exists. Then, once again I started to see some familiar events on earth happening due to this magnetic intensity. I saw the Hawaiian Islands as if they were in the choppiest wave pool ever! I saw the tip of Florida with water all on it, I saw the earth cracking in various places that I did not recognize the geography of. And what seemed like it was so out-of-place, yet reminiscent of the meditation I had on the 11/11/11…. I saw a massive Light pole go straight down into the White House! It created such a massive Light explosion thru out the entire white house.
Most men have been on the other side of this at times. I know I have and it's not fun. I did my undergrad at the University of Florida and our ratio was 52% men/48% women. As a result, it was tough at times getting dates (sure, some said it had to do with trivial factors like personality, but I found it so much easier to just blame it all on the bad ratio). And proof of that came for me the first time I spent the weekend at FSU for a football game. The ratio at FSU was the reverse--so there were 52% women. I still remember my shock when a woman come up to me at a bar and asked if she could buy me a drink. In all my years at UF that had never happened to me. I was so certain one of my friends put her up to it that I kept looking around the bar for one of my laughing friends.
Rileigh is hugely sarcastic, and though it felt like some of this was trying too hard at times, it still lent itself to plenty of laughs. This was the part of her that I could appreciate it, and while she definitely came off as weak at times, she still had a certain drive in her that helped her face down whatever was thrown at her. Her banter and interactions with her best friend, Quinten, were hilarious and fun, and Gibsen did a great job of keeping Quinten tied into the story even after the whole samurai thing really starts coming into play. Though it could be seen as Quinten having little importance, I felt like the simple fact that he was still there spoke volumes, rather than Rileigh just being too busy or unwilling to tell him the truth of what's going on.
This recipe was simply too good to not share with as many people as possible, so I've posted it below. The only special comment I have regarding the recipe is be sure to read the entire recipe before you begin any steps. I always fall for not doing that, and sure enough, I missed a kind-of-important beginning step, which was to be sure and cut the zucchini and then sprinkle it with salt and let it sit for about 10 minutes before broiling it. This will help zap out moisture, as zucchini is known for retaining a lot of water. Other than that, the steps are easy and it's basically the same process as making lasagna the traditional way.
"This is the LONGEST WALK E-VER!"
At Little Village, most students must take the meals served in the cafeteria or go hungry or both. During a recent visit to the school, dozens of students took the lunch but threw most of it in the garbage uneaten. Though CPS has improved the nutritional quality of its meals this year, it also has seen a drop-off in meal participation among students, many of whom say the food tastes bad.
‘performance’ was spoken word, so it’s a bit of a surprise that this was also not a minor hit: mind you, although his hit was also awful, it’s nowhere near as toe-curlingly bad as this horror, and he did have the major-label might of Pye behind him, rather than the tiny independent Monarch company – a label which specialised in pipe band and country dance music but who also released ‘comedy’ records by Scot's wifeswapping children's entertainers The Krankies and 70s camp stereotype Larry Grayson - with their miniscule promotional muscle.
It's not going to be back with us until at least the 20th January - which feels like a very long time away. But at least once it's fixed we won't have to keep the screen at a certain angle to keep the picture on, listen to the noise of the fan trying to take off and have a full set of keys on the keyboard. It should have gone into be repaired ages ago - but it was almost useable so we've not bothered.
We plan on using recycled paper for the save-the-date cards, wedding invitations, and place cards. We also want to print a list of ways that our guests can help the environment on the back of the place cards. I'm still searching for a place that we can get organically-farmed cut flowers or flowers that were grown without using any pesticides. For wedding favors we plan on giving out seeds that represent seeds of love where our guests can plant their own plant or tree. Recently I've been researching where I can purchase a wedding gown made of organic materials because I'd really like to wear a dress made of something completely eco-friendly. Lastly, we plan on creating a registry filled with eco-friendly items such as organic cotton sheets, recycled glass vases, and bamboo dishes.
My host said portentously that since he signs off his bank’s accounts, he is sure they accurately depict their condition. He travels the country meeting clients and customers, and he claims to find them pretty happy, too.
Sophie Crumb has made comics using a bic pen. Really cheap.
It sounds like this winter has been mild in a lot of places. I wonder what affect that will have on the plants and critters in the spring and summer. I just hope that whatever comes up now, will not be harmed by colder weather that could yet come. We need more moisture, too. I suppose I should get some water on the new plants out there. Some of the spots are bare dirt. I hope the little roots are OK under there.
subject for a film adaptation," said Sighvatsson. "Julie’s ability to familiarize the reader with this complex world in a few pages demonstrates the cinematic qualities of her imagination and complements my own sensibilities as a film producer."
The soundtrack is worth attention, too.
stood before them,
Cauterize Made eye contact with her
Edited to add - this new blogger is a pain, ain't it! The pictures all look very neat and in rows on preview, hit publish and they are squew-wiffy!! I don't know, blogger, eh!!
In other news.......the kids brought home report cards this week Good news all around.....Nothing below a 3 (back in the day that would be a C) and we brought home a pile of 1 ( that would be A's) so they all did well. Well the three that still live at home did the one that lives with her Dad did not show me her report card....I'm not allowed to see it....Daddy says so...I'm also not allowed to punish her.....again Daddy says so. I wonder if Daddy forgets that I carried that child in my body for 9 months, I did EVERYTHING for her for 14 years and now I am nothing.....Anyhow I guess you can see how that is going basically she is being "brain washed" by Mr. Wonderful. I'm still not sure how to handle all that.....All I want is my Ashton back....I miss her ALOT!!
network of professional references. You want references who are established in their career field, reliable, honest, and most important-they like you. This is why you don't burn bridges when exiting a job. Your best references are going to come from former supervisors or coworkers who wish they had you back working with them. Personal example: 2 out of 3 of my references were supervisors who attended my wedding. You need people who will have your best interests at heart.
For Review:
The Grocery Code Adjudicator Bill, which was an idea originally suggested by Plaid Cymru back in 2004, with its provision for an ombudsman, should benefit the thousands of people working within the agricultural sector. While this is an excellent if fairly belated idea, the ombudsman will only work if the Bill ensures that said Ombudsman has some real powers over the milk industry.
We designed this study to explore the effects of repeat play on litigation behavior, contributing to a literature on the economics of civil procedure as well as the substance of patent law. But what we found was dramatic and unexpected: The patents and patentees that occupy the most time and attention in court and in public policy debates – the very patents that economists consider the most valuable – are astonishingly weak. Non-¬practicing entities and software patentees almost never win their cases. That may be a good thing, if you believe that most software patents are bad or that NPEs are bad for society. But it certainly means that the patent system is wasting more of its time than expected dealing with weak patents. And it also suggests that both our measures of patent value and our theories of litigation behavior need some serious reconsideration. Read/download "Patent Quality and Settlement among Repeat Patent Litigants" (link)
"Bones, muscles, movement I surrender now; anxiety, elation and depression, churning thoughts-all these I give into the hands of peace."
To try to describe it accurately, I would say that it felt like lightning bolts striking my lower abdomen and then streaking across my pelvic area. Pair that with the intense pressure that followed and I thought I just might be having pre-labor contractions. I had called the doctor on call and decided to try to fall asleep and just call back in the morning since I didn't have any really scary concerns like bleeding or losing fluid. However, I woke up after about 30 minutes of sleep and the pains were unbearable. At that point, we decided a trip to the hospital was in order.
Pantaloon Retail (the listed co) has more than Rs 5000 crore of debt, so even this sale may provide only a temporary relief.
conditioning: weights on the left added to a 75lb prowler that does not slide well
How about 1 Samuel 15:1?
Thank you, Mother.
Serve with coconut chutney.
The motivation for this work was originally a way of validating the righteousness of my new found life away from the Midwest and the burdens I associated with it; the oppressive religious dictates of Catholism, the intellectual and emotional oversimplification of women, the dictate to be seen and not heard, the inevitable future of children and the narrow range of intellectual work. The Emily Dickenson poem 505 describes what might be at stake by staying rather than leaving, of being created rather than creating.
I never will.”
'Cause you know sometimes words have two meanings.
I used this quote with gay abandon (fully attributed of course) last week when I was talking to a group of businesswomen about how working mums can make time for themselves in the melee of work and family life. But the same advice could be directed at writers.
½ cup butter or margarine
'Oh, man, here we go again...'
bounce
I used BM's Moonshine as my gray color for the walls, and used my existing white paint I had for the trim and pieces we built. When I picked up the paint from Benjamin Moore, I also grabbed their paint cards so that I could continually go back and compare the color blue and pink that I wanted for accent colors. I had the paint swatch card in my wallet and pulled it out and compared it for anything and everything that I bought to go into the nursery. It was such a great way to stay within my color palette
I'm a "we."
“The intuitive mind is a sacred gift and the rational mind is a faithful servant. We have created a society that honors the servant and has forgotten the gift. The most beautiful thing we can experience is the mysterious; It is the source of all true art and science.” ~ Albert Einstein
“We all want to know what happened and what motivated the suspect, but I think we need to be very, very careful here in these early days and let the investigation take its course,” Casey told me on ‘This Week.’
I’m sure he will.Husbands are alike .Showing one’s appreciation and love boost their ego.It feels good to know they’re the hero in the life of their wives and that we don’t take them for granted .We think of them every single minute with every day breath.
Fluttering and dancing in the breeze.
It’s been exactly two years since I started this blog and the difference it has made to my life has been remarkable. Not the writing part; I’ve always done that. Even when I wasn’t writing for publication, I was wittering away on internet forums or clogging up Facebook with my rantings. No, it’s the inspiration. It’s like being in love. You know, the butterflies-in-the-tummy feeling you get that makes you feel like you’ll just burst if you don’t shout it from the rooftops – that’s how I feel when I hear a great song. It goes far beyond just transforming my mood or giving me an idea. The word “inspiration” is related to breathing, and that’s how essential and natural this process is. I might have a conscious discipline to blog every day, but that just facilitates my discovery of these wonderful tunes – the words that appear on the screen are just a manifestation, a by-product of the process. If I couldn’t write, I’d just have to speak about it, and if I couldn’t speak I’d grunt and gibber. I’d point. I’d take you by the hand and drag you over to the record player. This. Hear it. Now.
And, so can we. God is in control. We can be confident of that. God will use the barrage of our troubles to mold us with the truths of His word. We will learn to grow in faith and to realize the awesome depths of God’s love for us.
I felt for those little girls. They way they played dollies. Pretended to be mummies. Dressed up in heels and pushed their prams around. Where were they?
And that means: you CAN’T just find and replace all mentions of “twenty-three” with “seventeen” and slap YA on the cover page of your manuscript.
EMPLOYEE: (without looking at the computer) Yeah, that’s in the fashion section downstairs.
(gets out acceptance speech, approaches podium)
As gathered,Jim Iyke abandoned the award because of the bad image he garnered last year, especially his alleged N15million scam court case with an ex-girl friend.
Tennyson Stephens - Keyboard & Vocals, Larry Ball – Bass, Windy Barnes - Vocals
As I dream, ideas drift in and out. Ghosts haunt my dreams, moaning their epitaphs, hints of a story I should tell. Inspiration still only a mist in the darkness. The fog is dense, yet I trundle through it, searching, culling, yearning for a clear view of an idea. Waiting for the arrival of her highness, to bestow upon me a whim that might cause but just one person a giggle. me, the recipient, anxious for that one guffaw.
Some people say that the world will come to an end. We are becoming cleverer by making things but we don’t worry about the pollution for the world when making things. And we should start working together like bees and the Americans are big pricks. To help the world here is a saying I made up: “Work together for your world’s health”.
one or more of the "scrapbook" illustrations,
The thinking behind the hypothesis goes like this:
Then I guess, that leaves us to the thought that it’s somehow a pleasing series. Let’s just say that the moment I’ve read the last page of the book, I instantly searched the net for the next installment – quicker than I could have written my whole name. Turns out, I was not alone in doing the same thing. Haha. Aaaaand I thought I was weird. =p Well, I shouldn’t even be so surprised, since the ending is some sort of a cliffhanger in itself right there. But anyway, I’ve found out that there would be another installment. However, it remains a surprise.
Saxophone – John Gilmore, Marshall Allen
The thing is, when it comes to "Imagine there's no country", most people "get it". They understand their assumptions are being deliberately challenged, and even if they disagree, they don't take it as a personal affront.
Handle with Care is the comical and clever and utterly charming story of two men who’re falling in love for the first time—not just being one half of a couple but being in a partnership—though the journey is all about the making of and making up for mistakes, until they finally get it right. Unfortunately all they have to go by is how not to do a relationship, and it’s hard to build something when what you have to work with is the raw materials of past sexual encounters and a relationship that clipped your wings before you learned that what you really wanted to do was to fly.
Ah, where do you begin to explain the Friendly Fight, Wales's most potent yet unsung contribution to world culture? We're not talking about Khrushchev and Bulganin stopping their limos at Kuntsevo for a drunken rumble in the tundra, or some John Wayne saloon-bar blarney. This is the altruistic sharing of theatrical violence, with the aim of fostering the Welsh Classical unities of "closing time", "two-fisted action" and "any place will do".
Why are these Apple devices storing users’ geolocation data? The answers are not immediately apparent.
To help you can donate to the family of the week by clicking the AFRICA or HAITI tab at the top. Then you’ll see a big old gigantic donate button on their page. Choose whichever region floats your boat, or super ideally both! Be sure to subscribe to the blog and you’ll get notifications of all posts. That way you won’t miss a family!
Here are the quick results. A full play-by-play of the bouts by my Top MMA News colleague Sebastien Chenier is available here.
All rights reserved. Images on this blog are copyright of Nicole Ftacnik Photography and cannot be copied, downloaded, or used without my written permission; however, please feel free to share.
They were aware.
Internet marketing pro Ralph Wilson suggests brainstorming sessions with friends as a way to come up with creative options for your unique domain name.
Pour syrup over the popcorn, stirring well, to completely coat the kernels. Bake in oven for 30 minutes, stirring every 10-15 minutes. Add salt, stir to combine.
And then shall they see the Son of man coming in the clouds with great power and glory. Mark 13:26 (KJV)
I've always had an ambivalent relationship with Marley. I discovered his music as a young teen and listened to the Exodus album obsessively. Like many college-aged music fans of the early 80's, a poster of Marley held a place of significance on my dorm room wall. I hoped his visage would convey my belief in the power of music to right social injustice and to mark me as someone whose interest in music extended far beyond Madonna, Michael Jackson and MTV. To me, he was on par with The Clash and The Specials in their unflinching willingness to point out the hypocrisy of those in power who turned a blind eye to the chaos ranging around them. For that, I always give Marley credit for turning me into a "soul rebel."
Cheap HD Video Camera
Emotion Flash Fiction: Emotion is the engine of a story. Pick an emotion and in a flash fiction piece of 250 words MAKE us feel it! We want to connect with your character. This will be a challenge in 250 words.
I am not in Paris either, trying to outsing the rumbling of rubber-tyred trains that run underground like blue snakes from one catacomb to another.
Last night there was a meeting organised by the Oxfordshire Anti-Cuts Alliance (OACA)specifically about libraries. Conservative-run OCC is planning to close 20 of its 43 branch libraries - or rather to withdraw funding from them and offer them the opportunity to be run by volunteers. Last week I talked on Radio Oxford's Breakfast show with Julie Hayward of the Headington Library support group and Keith Mitchell the OCC Leader about the insult to qualified librarians and users this proposal represents.
Surgery confirms the diagnosis, but ovarian cancer is often strongly suspected before surgery based on symptoms and ultrasound. The goal of surgery is to completely remove the cancer, but often this is not possible.
Despite this, I enjoyed "She's Come Undone" from the outset. Which is rare. For me, an Oprah's Book Club seal of approval is like a red rag to a bull. But until I hit upon page 8, I was having a whale of a time with Wally Lamb's book.
I am teaching measurement this week to my fourth grade class. My principal heard the kids laughing as he walked by this morning because I just wrote this on the board:
In the fear of the LORD there is a strong confidence, and his children will have a place of refuge. The fear of the LORD is a fountain of life, to turn one away from the snares of death.
Fraser Health has admitted to mistakes being made at the $6000 per month care facility and has ensured the family that changes have been made in the form better equipment being purchased and better training procedures being implemented in a letter they sent to the deceased woman's husband. Yeah like that's supposed to make you feel better after she'd only been there for 16 days.
The next morning, I ventured over to the cattle yard. The poor hens had moved back to their coop, but since it was upside down, they were getting very wet in the rain. They were obviously confused at the changes in their home. I could see the black hen underneath. The oldest son wanted to bury her right away so he went in and tried to pull her out. Soon, I heard “Mom–she’s alive!”. Sure enough, that feisty bird lived through the ordeal. She could not move one of her legs and was evacuated into luxury accommodations in the garage with three boys attending to her every need. I can now add “chicken physical therapist” to my growing list of skills. As of July 2 (when I write this blog) that hen is almost fully recovered and is back with her flock-mates.
Fourth on the list, will be the Toyota Prius. This is probably the most popular of all of the fuel efficient cars released inside 2011 as well as this, with a car or truck involving $24, 760 plus a fuel economy associated with 51 miles per one gallon. The very best crossbreed vehicle to date, this particular midsize vehicle may support children of 5 as well as run using 134 net hp utilizing a one 8 liter motor.
These are three ZIS-3 guns. Again the guns and crews are Bolt Action. I hope one can tell from these pictures (all pictures are thumbnailed to larger versions btw.), but the one on the left has a winter whitewash. I actually have a fourth gun, but that will be pressed in German service.
TM 16 - Pay Day
And then a bunch of socks and underwear--although this dye doesn't really fade much, after a couple years, things begin to look paler and worn, so I toss them in and re-dye them and keep doing that until they get holes and get tossed. I hate that because then there's the whole dyeing-a-bunch-of-little-loads thing unless I save up more clothes in the to-be-dyed pile. Right now there is no pile--for the first time in a long time, I've gotten everything dyed. Whew.
The particular situations around Leaf¡¯s detain are generally not immediately very clear. Bennett claims he or she hasn¡¯t noticed a report outlining the particular allegations.
Nelson said: "The story was they knew I was 14 and I told them I was cutting school to meet with them.
ABV: 5.2 %
'Hail to the Pumpkin' unwittingly letting slip the example
I’m as pure a pantser writer as they come – the ghost of James Dean hovers over my keyboard. This is especially true when it comes to action scenes. Because I like to keep the action raw and visceral, I often throw my protagonist into predicaments from which even I’m not sure how he’s going to escape. Sometimes, I paint him into such a terrible corner, I can see him turning to me and saying, “Are you kidding me? How am I supposed to get out of this?”
ES: No problem, man.
Even Antwon ‘Skills’ Taylor went from being the token bum in the show to become an acclaimed Hollywood Sports Choreographer.
Continue in stockinette stitch for 120 rows.
Love Me by The Phantom
17 Weeping Willow
But for the recipes to go to him?
Louis Cennamo - bass
Super Mario 64 DS retains the aloft music and emphasis samples acclimated in the aboriginal game, admitting some new samples were added for the new characters and a few furnishings accept changed. Stomping an adversary now makes a added standard, Air-conditioned Mario Bros.-like “stomp on a goomba” noise, instead of the higher-pitched cheep acclimated in the aboriginal game. The tunes are acutely memorable, and even if you don’t already accept cornball feelings, you’ll still arise abroad bustling abounding of the game’s themes. Just about the abandoned downside is that some of the furnishings complete hardly tinny and they’re played aback at a low bit rate, so they don’t complete as ablaze as they could have. These furnishings are added apparent if appliance headphones. On the upside, the game’s stereo breach is absolute noticeable, and it does a acceptable job of authoritative you acknowledge the system’s stereo speakers.
That Boracay Island was classified as a public forest under PD No. 705 did not bar the Executive from later converting it into agricultural land. Boracay Island still remained an unclassified land of the public domain despite PD No. 705.
Here's what the photos looked like on the visitor's table. Note a few more white candlesticks and one more tissue flower arrangement. It was fun watching everyone come in that morning and check out Lori and Lynn's work!
resulted in great bodily harm,
I have them marked for death. I will get my garden back, in the form of venison. We did have 2 squash plants that survived. So I've got a lot of stupid yellow squash and that's it. La-de-da.
Remember that these books are listed at a discount through Amazon. You also don’t have to purchase the version that is featured here. Many of these books are available in multiple formats: e–book, hardcover, softcover, and audio. Enjoy!
So there are far more census stories to tell, of the whereabouts of Ley brothers both store-owning and working as common laborers; of Grandma Foutz’s second husband, apprenticing, pre-World-War-II, in the store that would come to employ both Grandma and my dad; of Fisher great-grand-uncles and soon-to-be-inlaws Wayne Waddington (to Doris Foutz) and Ernie Knisely (to Virginia Johnson).
The platformer is a very old type of game, it’s been around since the days of arcade games like Mario Bros. and Donkey Kong. It was the king of consoles during the 8, 16, and 64-bit generations, and included some of gaming’s former greats like Sonic the Hedgehog, Spyro The Dragon, and Banjo-Kazooie. Traditionally, it’s been the Mario franchise that’s defined the next step for platformers. Super Mario Bros., Super Mario 64, and Super Mario Galaxy all defined the standards for the genre, but this time it’s different. This time the game that is setting the new standard is Miegakure, developed by Marc ten Bosch.
It is a very simple cake to make, at least for someone like me who has not been to any baking class or workshops, I am able to get the sponge cake right, most of the time. It is no surprise that I kept going back to the same recipe, see here and here.
This tiny, little helpless creature was dead. And I was heartbroken.
do you hear it now?
On Saturday, we walked briskly in the rain and then I brought him back to our apartment to test out the ZoomGroom I recently bought. I know it’s not the most effective brush for hair removal, but I had heard good things about its massaging powers and how much dogs seem to like it.
I'm so sorry I've been absent lately. I just wanted to pop in and let you all know that I'm still alive! I am in the midst of taking not one, but TWO online classes right now - both of which are COMPLETELY AWESOME - but which are consuming ALL of my time...leaving me little time for blogging!!
3 garlic cloves, diced
I’ve just started watching Guilty Crown a few days ago. Totally sucked into the show, but sadly I have no time to marathon the series. Just started working too… which makes it harder to catch up on Anime.
And speaking of top-stitching, I ran out of top-stitch thread and couldn't find a match, so the front of my jeans are top-stitched a different color than the back of my jeans, but hey... maybe that could be intentional, right? They are custom jeans.
I'll let you know how that goes...
Matthew's class had a field trip out to LaFayette to the Children's Museum of Acadiana. It was just a regular children's museum - nothing specific to Acadia. And it was an expensive field trip. I wonder how families with tighter budgets than ours make this work.
On June 16th 1968, Romney was involved in a serious car crash which occurred in Bernos-Beaulac, 75 kilometres to the south of Bordeaux. He was at the wheel of the car which was bringing Mormon French mission president Duane Anderson and others back from Pau, where a small Mormon congregation had been in dispute.
This key phrase will likely be repeated by the press. It suggests that the economy is no longer contracting; instead moving along a path of slow, consistent expansion.
Muslims Against Crusades and their beardie weirdie leader chaudhry and his smelly hobbit followers disrupted the 911 remembrance ceremony at The US Embassy in Grosvenor Square London,The EDL counter demonstrated .There were clashes this evening which left two EDL members stabbed By Muslims against crusades who attacked the two EDL members near marble arch.The Mayor of London and his wife also had some sort of trouble when they walked past the islamorageboy mohamadeens today.
2. Now, fry the fish in some vegan baking margarine in hot non-stick pan on a high fire. Fry on one side for about 3 to 4 minutes until golden & cooked & then the other side 1 to 2 minutes until just cooked through, browned & golden in colour on both sides. Season with Maldon sea slat flakes & black pepper. Keep warm.
Combining local expertise, a deep understanding of international standards and expectations, our services have been tailored to ensure each individual and families’ experience in Vietnam is successful and rewarding to both assignees and their company.
Miss A spend the after noon with her Great Aunt Jean and they loved having her!! They didn't want to give her back:) I love when people love my girls!! I think they are pretty special but it always nice to hear that other people love them :)
Pertubuhan Pribumi Perkasa Malaysia (Perkasa) are currently fighting for the inclusion of racial quota system and the Bumiputera equity requirement in the new economic model scheduled to be announced by the end of this month. Meanwhile, the Federation of Malay Economic Bodies (Gabem) called for Malay consumers to purchase goods only from Malay businessmen. Other radical organisations include the Association of Former Umno Elected Representatives (Mubarak), Federal Peninsular Malaysia Students Front (GPMS), Malay Professional Thinkers Association and Federation of Malay Writers Associations (Gapena).
My 6-year-old self is tickled pink!
Spinach Salad with Steamed Vegetables & Grilled Chicken
Filthy rags was the term used for a used menstrual cloth or in our day and age a dirty tampon!
This bracelet comes in 7 different colors! you will get to pick the color you like!
Since they are synthetic, they were super shinny!! so I washed them with fabric softener and then added baby powder :D! here you can see the results!
To be concluded.
block down, punch, step...pause...knife hand, punch...pause...kosa, step, block down
Don’t make Hijaab trendy
“Su… I’m sorry for treating you like this but I have no choice. You keep trying to suicide. I can’t let it happen.”
Remain the same?
(from Brandon's letter)
Wallace is correct. As this gas price chart from GasBuddy.com shows, gas prices plummeted in late 2008, just prior to Obama’s inauguration:
Longoniza Pork Chops
How do you deal with things that prevent you from doing your job to the best of your ability? What coping mechanisms do you use when crunch time approaches?
At the time of the American Revolution there were five major social classes. They included New England merchants; Southern planters; royalists (the lawyers, notaries, and everybody else who pushed paper for the Crown; shopkeepers, artisans, and laborers; and small farmers.
"I don't necessarily disagree with you, but please comment on what bands in 1970 were doing different from what bands had done on stage in the late 1960s. That is, please expand upon what you mean by 'concert form.' For example, how do the stacks of Marshall amps used by Hendrix and then Blue Cheer factor in as a suitable setting for the 'oversized' sound. How do other factors, such as costumes, stage props, and stage maneuvers factor in?"
But what at the end of the day, after all this toss I’ve read, what do I think is good for cooking lager appreciation and the availability of cheap lout? Or even pubs and pongy beer? Your guess is as good as mine. I suspect it’s more to do with the prosperity and economic wellbeing of the larger population than tax or duty rates or allowing dumb people who don’t properly consider the contract they are signing to get out of the tied supply contracts they’ve freely signed up to, or even dumb schemes to bung my taxes at mug punters so they can piss their life savings away buying failed pubs they are not going to manage to turn into successful enterprises in a month of Sundays. Roll on May 5h. The day it’s all over and we can get back to proper news, like for instance what Jordan or Kerry Katona have been up to recently.
Curiously enough God still loves atheists, despite their utterly insufferable blindness.
As for Cuba opening up, I seriously doubt that. Maybe when the gulags are opened, free speech and homosexuality are allowed, when dissidents are freed then I will believe that Cuba is opening up. Oh and free elections as well.
He had a t shirt on that said “liquor in front poker in rear”….well…if you read that slowly it can mean two different things…..read that again…..
A little surprise is hiding on one of the blogs today, so be sure to leave some comment love as you “hoof it” around the hop. One lucky commenter on the mystery slop spot will be in hog heaven and win a $15 gift certificate to Hambo Stamps!
Manufacturers’ Association of
Forty years as a pageant, still unawares the lady of this teeming and
What If….
July 8 - Roberts Blossom, actor ("Home Alone"), 87
Lucas Matthysse recently fought Zab Judah on an ESPN card and showed that he is no fighter that should be taken lightly. He's knocked out Vivian Harris, dropped Zab Judah on his way to a controversial split decision loss, and recently knocked out once highly ranked light welterweight & welterweight, Demarcus Corley. Zab Judah has gone on record saying Matthysse is the most powerful punch he has ever faced and he believes Alexander is making a big mistake by taking the fight with him.
Risking it for a few
Any shade, thought or thing, that makes all man uncommon,
So I have a suggestion for Mr. Beck and his Blaze news organization. Start investigating the connections between Mr. Soros and the Rothschilds and Rockefellers. But be very careful. I suspect that, once you start down that road, your life will be in great danger.
Though it might not be immediately apparent, the reason the industry is diverting water, shunting it over from one river basin to the other, is this- - The water is not coming directly from the Ohio River and not supposed to actually go into the Susquehanna. Instead, in what is viewed as a conservation measure it is “flowback water” going from gas well drilling pads in the Ohio River to be reused for more fracking at nearby gas drilling pads in the Susquehanna basin. Each gas pad can be and typically is the location for multiple wells, perhaps 12-16. (If the water were going directly from river to river the SRBC would be concerned about invasive species. For instance, to mention just two, Lake Chautauqua feeding into the Ohio system is struggling with invasive species such as Eurasian Milfoil and Zebra Mussels. Another reason this is not a concern is that it is unlikely that organisms could be in the chemical “flowback water” environment.)
Themed History Weekends at CIHP:
Beloved of God, it’s time bloom.
So, what's the attraction of the railroad? It seems to be something deep within us as opposed to learned behavior, which is odd considering that ships (and the sea) have been around thousands -- millions -- of years, but the railroads are a relatively new invention. Two hundred years is just a small span of time when measuring humanity's history.
Luckily, I am the one who does not remember what that was like.
Finally, the Agnus Dei. Here, Rose impressed, dolorous and at times desperate, the other soloists responding in kind. The horrors of war – human reality as opposed to the human ideal? – terrified without lapsing into the grotesque, as so often they do; I have rarely heard them so integrated into the musical argument, save once again for readings by Klemperer. And there was again a properly Handelian sturdiness to the ‘Dona nobis pacem’. Whether or no there be an actual quotation from Messiah, and it is too readily forgotten just how greatly Beethoven revered Handel, it certainly sounded as if the resemblance to ‘And he shall reign’ was intentional. The performance was crowned, though it was too late, for we had been taken to the abyss. Pacem? Perhaps. In fact, probably not, for this was the most desolate conclusion to the work I have ever heard: desolate, and yet retaining a nobility which might remain our sole hope of peace.
this post is rather bitty. my brain's jumping around. sorry in advance about that.
Sever L, Hessol NA. Toxic effects of occupational and environmental chemicals on the testes. Thomas JA et al. (Editors). Endocrine Toxicology. New York, Raven press, 1985: 211-248.
Tonight on Ch4 there is a documentary – proud to be prejudiced. It is looking at Muslim extremists and the EDL – and has politicians from Luton voicing their opinions.
“Hello! It’s beautiful day for a beautiful girl!”
Signups for Fusion Beads' spring classes started Thursday. I stopped by Saturday to sign up for Marilyn Moore's Egg Basket: Oval Twined Wire Bowl, but got caught by their in-store sale. Most of their strands of shaped glass beads are 40-50% off through the end of the year, youza! I definitely failed my willpower roll and left the store with a lovely packet of beads, perfect for more lacework bracelets and accent beads in my freeform peyote. I did not sign up for the class - now I'll have to wait until after the holidays and hope there's still space. Keeping my fingers crossed.
Hurry this is likely to go quickly! Just click the photo to be taken to print your coupon!
There was only one not-particularly sharp photo of the machine and I didn't ask for another (I know, I know...). It looked OK to me.
but then something changes and the light burns out.
Ada Howard is the wife of the preacher and has a lot of responsibilities. She hasn't been making time for herself recently. After Ada hears that her 25 yr college reunion is coming up she decides to lose weight to impress an old boyfriend. Ada outlines her journey and new ways of living healthy in each chapter. This was an excellent read. The author manages to keep it light and fun as Ada rediscovers herself and her body.
Now, I've heard that not everyone has a difficult time going through the threes. Perhaps my children struggle because they are the product of two people who were described as "stubborn", "hard-headed", and "strong-willed" as children. Today, we delight in the fact that we are now called "dedicated", "passionate" and "committed". A good reminder that traits that may seem negative in childhood can blossom into very positive traits in adulthood! So, you may have more mellow, easy-going children who transition quite easily through this stage. But, for the rest of you, I hear you.
Your natural inclination is to think of Rivers Cuomo (Weezer), but that's only because of the glasses and slight resemblance in the facial features. I'll simply point out that there were basically no designer glasses back then and no one wore contact lenses. Thus, looking past the nerdy frames, this guy was probably a fairly popular fellow.
Hi all....
You may have noticed that Mr Thomas has two default templates for his news articles. In the first – such as the baby tyrannosaur news item I covered at the end of this post, or the Io post – he takes a legitimate news piece and/or scientific study, and uses that as a launch pad to talk about something only vaguely related, usually something he claims ‘evolutionists’ cannot yet explain. Alternatively, in a post like this, he takes the study and reinterprets it to back up creationist ideas.
BODY OF PROOF does well enough overseas that ABC might stay with this Dana Delaney procedural. That show always kills me. They do autopsies in room with glass windows. And people just walk by, ho hum.
No problem, right, just pick up another Bible. I can't find any of our other Bibles. I'm in the dark looking stepping over kids . . . people, trying not to wake anyone so locating the other Bibles are made harder this morning.
I asked for the publication date and was told it would be this September. So I've been checking the website of the Spanish publisher and ... it's not there!
- Age Range: Birth and Up
Sara starts going out with the other girls to clubs and parties and stuff, and hijinks ensue when one of the girls leaves her there on her own even though she doesn’t know the area! Rebecca comes to meet her later, and she and Sara go walking around town, taking pictures for their Facebook profiles (which will never actually be shown, considering the makers of the movie could not pony up enough money to use Facebook’s likeness in the film). Then Sara reveals that she tattooed her sister’s name onto her chest in remembrance of her tragic death several years earlier! Ha ha ha! Oh, how silly…wait, I think that was supposed to be a serious part…maybe…?
International Symbol for Marriage :
Here are some reasons why I feel contention with the above commercial:
Bullfinch, Thomas. Bullfinch’s Mythology.
08. My Boy
COINCIDENCES: Gregg Araki’s Splendor & this movie were watched within a week, and both had people going to the hotel room 333 (half of 666!).
black olives - a large handful
This morning, I woke up with puffy eyes, a sated belly and dreams of more apple tatin.
The dream is our secret wish for life.
Hope & Healing
This word of the Lord came to pass in the next Chapter, 22:38.
Perhaps a scathe will lighten your mood!
Just visit PaperCutz Blog and share your projects with us. And don't forget to visit each DTs, they have created some lovely inspirations for you.
Heavy, I know, but I find myself thinking about this often.
But bureaucrats in one Taiwanese city did recently dramatically improve pavement sanitation by rewarding with lottery tickets people who handed in bags of dog doo.
It has really been a weird few days with more ups and downs than I normally have.
For a movie that cost $100,000 (!!!) to make, I guess it got the most out of its money, but that still doesn't make it any good. In fact, I'd think someone had some change coming, after all was said and done. If you make a zombie movie, should the audience be thinking about what else could have been done with all that money?
I recently read an online article about a Non Mormon Feminist, Emily Matchar, and her take on Mormon Mommy Bloggers. I was actually quite impressed by her insight, understanding and acceptance. But, then I read the comments, and Gag me! I hate mean people. Seriously. So I stopped reading those nasty comments.
At the first store, I found everything I was looking for, and in fairly ample supply. Except for the canned carrots. There wasn’t a single can of Great Value canned carrots on the shelf. So I flagged down an employee, apologized for the trouble since everyone was trying to keep the shelves full in the leadup to Thanksgiving (this was about 10 p.m. on Tuesday, and Thanksgiving of course was Thursday) and asked the employee if they could check to see if there were any cases of Great Value carrots, and if not, could they tell me how many might be in stock elsewhere? The employee came back, said that according to their computerized inventory they were totally out of Great Value carrots at that store, but that there were 96 cans–a mere eight cases–at the nearest warehouse. I thanked the employee for all of his help, picked up another case of spinach in lieu of the canned carrots and headed for the checkout.
Back then, I was a baby. I was in primary school, I had lots of friends, and I thought that my stepsister could solve any problem ever. I really want to give her one chance to solve this one.
Do you want your health and soul to propser? Yes or No
“I didn’t take any last December as I had just moved here and there were a lot of things to sort out so now I have to do two exams this semester, I am doing it through on-line study with a school in Norway and I want to try and keep doing it but it might be difficult doing exams in December with the games here then.”
Strong customer response to higher-priced items, including big-screen TVs, mattresses and certain jewelry offerings contributed to a slight uptick in average selling price in the quarter, as well as a more modest increase in units shipped and an expected increase in return rates.
I’m fascinated with book cover art: how publishers, designers, and artists make choices to represent a book is kind of a cool possible subfield of lit. studies and way to remind students (and oneself) of the existence of a marketplace, book-as-commodity, and genre branding.
Our house has been hit by a virus this week. I was the last to get it (assuming, fingers crossed, that the baby is spared). That means that just as the Bibliophile regained his energy, I started losing mine to a diet of clear liquids. To beat the stir-crazies from being housebound for days, I broke out an easy favorite - the scavenger hunt. We've used these in the past for reinforcing educational concepts like colors, alphabet, shapes, etc. but these ones were just a hodgepodge for fun.
Indeed, Bournemouth has a varied community of people. Albeit a student-dominated town, it would seem that a nationwide-famous, city-hopping vintage fair draws in a diverse crowd from this stretch of the south coast.
Elements of the much loved Beer Blokes Beer Dinners will be included such as the Prof Pilsner’s Beer Trivia Quiz and BEERducation but a couple of surprises are also planned. After all, it IS Good Beer Week and this dinner needs to set the bar high for those who follow. What is assured is that those present will come away with a greater understanding of, and love for, the amber nectar. And the black gold. And the golden liquid. And the bronze beverage.
Grate the ginger into a bowl – some will be used for the topping and the rest in the batter.
If you are an extravert you are outgoing and become energized in groups. You usually want to share your experiences and ideas with others and you like to talk and have conversations with others. You think and make decisions by talking to others. You don’t seek out solitude or alone time and you need others to feel approval and acceptance. Feedback and sharing refuels your energy. Extroverts are impulsive, fun, and easily express
Being the Creator of everything and having all power He knows everything, but He leaves opportunities to change the ways of what could happen. Though He loves all those who want to follow Him and live according to His Law.
I paid particular attention to West Virginia, since I am a mountaineer. I do want to mention that West Virginia is not the only state that has stupid laws. Here are some of the laws that are enacted in our wild and wonderful mountain state:
4. Keeps well for at least 1 week in the refrigerator. To reheat, place in a pan over very low heat. If you heat too fast, it will cause the sauce to take on a shade of brown .Sauce also will heat well in the microwave for about 90 seconds.
Thor: …He’s adopted
This plea would have hopefully gone on a crowdfunding site (and hopefully will when technology stops being horrible to me), but I've been trying with two for over an hour now and can only conclude that I am at the centre of some kind of conspiracy because they keep going wrong.
The final aspect, is the value of mistakes. When we are focused on outcome and on 'good' work, we are dismissing the learning potential, and the fun, of doing something 'badly'.
Also I noticed by using Google images that AMBET uses the word zero in one of its products: 'Antarctica sub zero' for beers and thus sugesting a cold beer -- yet nothing to do with 'zero sugar'
2) Avoid using language that psychologically segregates our students by gender. For example, avoid making comments such as, “the girls are sitting so nicely and quietly” because chances are, not all the girls are sitting nicely and quietly, and not all the boys are running around wreaking havoc in the classroom. Speak to the specific child with the behaviour, not the gender of the child.
R - Our publication date is April 8th. Easter day, in honour of the pagan Goddess, Estra.
Both of the elements describe this layout as it was celebrating
Licking skull eye sockets
A simile is similar (ha, punny) to a metaphor except that it uses "like" or "as" within it's description. So it might be "As yellow as sunshine" or "thin like a spaghetti noodle". You get a similar 'show', but you use 'like' or 'as' to help you make the point. You are saying something is MUCH LIKE something else. They can get complex as well, for instance "She made me feel as light as laughter and as bright as sunshine" or "the feeling of hatred was as thick as peanut butter" Now, there are some exceptions to the 'like/as' factor of similes, but I'm not going to get into that because I don't really get it. For me, understanding that if I use "like" or "as" in a comparison description, it's a simile.
20) “I am ______”
so, how many units were drunk last week?
At this point I must again emphasize that I am not attacking a specific race of people in this posting, and nor am I suggesting that one specific race is far more superior than another. The information I’ll be presenting here will show that at a certain point in time (more or less 6000 years ago), an unusual being by the name of “Cain” injected a stream of superior intelligence into the human race. This marvellous intelligence boosted mankind’s progress to unbelievable heights, but it came with a price, -- a very wicked, bloody, and gory one!
Brian Lumley – The Nonesuch
What will I be running? Well, I’m glad you asked! Obviously, the frame is orange. Very orange. I’ll be going for a fairly clean and simple orange and black colour scheme with the ocassional silver / chrome accent here and there:
My father was born in Jamaica. He was an old Dad, 46 when I was born, and this summer I went to the funeral of his last surviving sister. Their parents, whom I never met were married in Edwardian times, my Grandmother, Teresa’s parents, my great grandparents, were born in the 1860s. It almost boggles the mind. There is more. If you think that just thirty years earlier, slavery still existed. My great great grandparents, most probably, belonged bodily to someone else, could be bought and sold.
P.S. After Beefy came to my defense, Anon posted another comment apologizing for any hard feelings. I believe she had no ill intentions and I welcome constructive feedback.
I'll be working the 3-11 PM shift, which I'm happy about. The morning shift is waaay too early for me and they won't let anyone work the 11PM - 7AM shift til they have some experience. I expect I'll do some overtime on graveyard as the summer progresses, picking up some extra bucks and freaky stories. Now that the hiring manager has mentioned it, I can't wait to learn the protocol for when the police bring in a prisoner.
They’re PRACTICE: Sketchnoting hones your skills in observation & listening, distilling and structuring information, creating narratives, and—of course—rapid sketching.
One thing I've realized from talking to other knitters at Stix-n-Stitches, my local yarn hangout, is that people really don't want to work complex designs. What they want is simple shit that looks good. So I've been working on a series of designs I call "Stoopid TV Knitting". The sock below, knit with Carol's wonderful Black Bunny Fibers SoftSilk 50% merino/50% silk sock yarn, is a 6-round, 4-stitch repeat.
The next morning, the first thing my parents asked was about the date, to which I told my mom (my dad didn’t bother to listen) that I had fun and he was really nice. And she was happy/excited. Any trace of her worries from the previous night had gone out the window. It was kinda weird, actually.
Deliverance, whose theme is stated by the rhythm as well as the melody instruments, is the longest and freest piece on the album. Bartz gets off some beautiful statements on the soprano, followed by Gerry's first drum solo, which is an exercise in descending dynamics. Bartz steps out again as the band gradually builds in intensity. John Lee's electric bass solo grows not only in power but in the intensity of his statements, with free and complimentary support from the piano and drums. Jasper van 't Hot turns in a great electric piano solo, check the way John's bass glisses and Gerry's drum figures lock in together under him, some raspy thrills from Bartz make the transition into Gerry's next drum solo an impressive, if not brief tour de force, after which the band rejoins for a brief statement of the theme.
The message of these stories needs to be heard and discussed by Christians and churches today. The Gospel should be taught and lived in such a way that it is good news for the broken, the poor and the disadvantaged. If our presentation or living out of the Gospel isn’t good news to those on the bottom of the pile and the end of the line, then perhaps we need to reevaluate.
people have been asking:
Having surveyed the small mountain of multicoloured policy-filled literature that has dropped through our letterboxes during the last few weeks, we have concluded that there are a number of reasons that make the 2012 London mayoral election one to forget:
Somewhere In Limbo
1 albion
Doors at 9:00pm/$13.00/21+
Perhaps this whole living with less thing will wear off on us for some permanent changes.
leaving nothing to show they were here.
I was supposed to go to TIbet. I should even now be on the second of the two flights required to get there. But the paperwork didn't get through in time, and they suggested this other tour, which I stupidly said Sure! to before enquiring about the cost. Since it was my fault the Tibet tour was cancelled, they're not refunding a single cent of the pre-paid bill. The way the agency presented this other tour, I thought it was instead of the other (and the difference in price vs the higher-priced Tibet tour would just be lost, ok). But nooooo! Without even mentioning the price anywhere, they were charging me full price for the new tour too! Hey, waitaminute! So I had been trying to negotiate something better, seeing as my flight home wasn't for another 4 days, and could not be changed. I needed to do something with that time, and hang around this smoggy city of millions for that long would drive me nuts. We settled on my not paying for any hotels and on getting a free one-day tour of the city for my last day in China (this new tour being one day shorter). I got screwed, big time. Perhaps I could wriggle out of this new tour, which was apparently uncancellable the instant I said Sure. But it would take a lot of effort, the help of real negotiators, and anyway I really wanted to get out of town.
Clippings work for most herbs and while they don’t always take root, they also cost nothing to try.
The luxuries are costing taxpayers tens of thousands of dollars a year.
he has for you
- the thought of doing the accounts or dealing with the finances, makes us want to run away;
I have a lot of anger and sadness surrounding this. I suppose it all comes from some sort of sadness, if I take the time to pick apart the anger.
Still Cries Before Dawn by The Out Key Hole
We're living in some pretty tough and interesting times. Around the world right now, countries are going bankrupt, economies are in turmoil, and rates of hunger and poverty are soaring. You don't have to go very far to find people who don't have enough to eat--it may be your neighbors, coworkers, people you see at church, even people at the grocery store who can't afford to buy all the food that they need. According to recent statistics, about 1 out of every 8 people in the U.S. is either going hungry or doesn't yet know where their next meal will come from. And this person could be you. Or me.
However, even with this mainstream aspect, the social justice movement is still counter-cultural. What’s more counter to American culture than a movement rejecting political boundaries, and striving for just treatment for everyone, regardless of which side of an arbitrary line a human was born? Obviously we can be sedated by the ads into thinking this is just a fad.
Review of the Sony TDG-BR100 3D Glasses
1) Publicly follow this blog ( 1 entry )
un abbraccio
Vashti: I was accepted to St Olaf College, which was one of my top choices. They granted me a full scholarship for merit, international status, and work-study programme.
What would he give to Celtic though?
We like to play board games here and I like to use board games as a way of getting the children to practice different skills. Today it occurred to me that I could write a blog post about some of the possible variations in board games. This is a sort of mix and max recipe book for how to make your own board game.
I made a card for a challenge. It looked pretty
I wink at Bob and me and Moon leave the bottle.
I was thinking, following Sunday's post, about whether I could put together a Spanish Civil War themed mixtape. Stick with me, these are the things that sometimes occupy my mind when driving. I've got this far-
think of them
So it was three strikes against aspartame at this point, four strikes if you count the Bressler Report. This report was compiled in 1977 after FDA scientists looked into the field studies conducted on aspartame. The Bressler Report uncovered fraud and manipulation of data so serious that the FDA forwarded their files to the Chicago U.S. Attorney’s office for prosecution.
I hope everyone has a Safe & Fun St. Patty's Day!!
In every ‘dinner party’ situation I find myself in, when people find out what I do and want to know a bit more, I’m asked questions that go something like this; “But how do you get into the head of a modern teenager?” or “Who are your books aimed at?” And these are fair questions, but having been asked them enough times, and stumbling out some answers I didn’t really believe myself, I came to the realisation that I do not attempt to get inside the head of a modern teenager, nor do I aim my books at anyone. Anyone at all.
I love how this little boy wrote "I love polar bears because"! Almost my whole class can spell the word because, because we use it everyday when we write to our star student!
A LOL worthy jab at the Conservative spin machine, from McMaher:
Now that my children are school age the playdates and park days have slowed down. We don't gather in groups for support nearly as much as we used to. My children's activities and school friends have more influence on the adults that I interact with than my own choices of like minded ideals. This is both a blessing and a challenge. I have met some amazing people that are now part of my circle of friends who support me in this crazy journey. Others have been learning moments in tolerance and patience. But regardless of how well I get on with the other adults in the room there is one thing we all have in common. We are parents and we are all on a journey of the utmost importance. Raising strong, confident, capable kids who will grow up to be successful happy adults. Knowing we're not alone goes a long way towards helping us all survive the quest.
Anyway, this is the picture, I was inspired by this week.
What did u discover today?
Next week the entire team will play singles and doubles. Good luck to the Saints! We'll be there to cheer you on to victory!
india comes into my office
This is what the 2012 campaign should boil down to: does government serve all the folk or just the rich folk?
Pride is the basis for well... let's just say it... all sin. Proverbs 16:18 puts it clearly: "Pride goes before destruction..." (NASB)
When Eric came upstairs, Tara flipped out. Fearing they were in danger, Eric’s fangs popped out, which didn’t calm Tara down at all. Sookie tried to explain, but Tara wouldn’t listen. Instead she just reminded them of all the things Eric had done to hurt them, which of course Eric didn’t remember. Before running out, Tara told Sookie she was a hypocrite for preaching honesty and then lying to her about Eric living there.
Tonight at dinner, we were discussing buying a new house. And Shooter was talking about what type of tractor we'll have to get. Hubs said that he'll probably get it used. Then he proceeded to say that he got me from a used wife sale. We chuckled but then we thought about it more clearly, then we busted out laughing. That sounded horrible!!! A used wife sale?? He made me sound like a hooker. :) I was in mint condition, not used!!!
I've found that often teachers get hung up on the "best math game app" or the "best phonics app". Truth be told, the most amazing fractions game, states facts quiz app or phonics app can only be stretched so far - perhaps one or two units (admittedly a bit longer for a good phonics app in primary).
In my last post I told a little porky. Lots of you have guessed at it, and some of you got it right, but first I have to say, I love rabbit - Margo makes a spectacularly tasty rabbit pie. In fact game is really quite popular around here. Many restaurants will serve dishes with rabbit, pheasant or venison, and you'll even occasionally find such things as pidgoen. All worth a try, and all really tasty (unless, of course, you're a vegetarian).
We managed to work around the situation's constraints fairly effectively. My roommate, Michael, went and registered in my name. No one asked him to confirm his identity, so that went fine. I avoided activities that required a student ID. I made sure to do all my word processing and printing at home. Luckily, none of my professors asked questions. A test in the testing center was coming around the end of the first month, though, and I couldn't think of any way around that.
Skinner’s house is a classic center hall Colonial, built around 1720 in a coastal New England village. She and her husband – who is an expert builder and finish carpenter, saints be praised – have worked on restoring the house from its sad-sack tumbledown state to its present condition over the last 15 years. As anyone who has taken on the massive renovation of a historic house will tell you, such a project needs to be a labor of love. Otherwise you would be wiser to spend a few weeks with a sledgehammer and a couple of dumpsters, gut the thing, build out the interior with a whole bunch of 2 x 4s and sheet rock (don’t forget the 20-foot square spa bathroom!) and just call it a day. Oh, and then you can take the thousands of dollars and countless weekends you saved yourself and go to St. Barths, preferably during a long New England winter.
They really do. I know they're not shiny and gadgety but if you're like me and have no idea how to boil water a cookbook can be the perfect addition to your kitchen.
The drug can also cause your libido to come crashing to a halt, which might actually be a blessing if you can’t achieve orgasm or even an erection.
I tried to tell myself that I was back home in Florida, sleeping away an afternoon storm. I could see a light show in my mind’s sky, accompanied by beautiful rolling thunder.
So I for one do not believe there is such thing as a “national interest” a nations interests are bound up in a class based society whose interests are polar opposites.
The diamond miner reported a loss per share of 5.23 cents for the first half from earnings per share of 6.79 cents a year ago. Adjusted EPS before unrealised foreign exchange movements and non-recurring transaction costs rose to 2.46 cents from 0.86 cents previously.
I wanted to write a love story but remembered what a four series twilight had done so hard,
"The Fatal Cipher"
Sorry about the dull lighting. The swatches of the lipstick are actually the best ones, and are truest to color. I haven’t tried these products out for long so I don’t think I can give an accurate review of their quality yet. But I do like them so far.
PROSPECTS: Hasbro is also the makers of the Transformers series, which the trailer obviously resembles. People who love that best-selling series are going to go gaga for this one.
Neil: Disturbing.
(first published in the bystander, june 1929)
At the Digital Parents Conference last week, I realised how far I was from the edge. What began, for me, as a radical act, is now me in a room of my own, feeling quite happy that I have a room of my own. While I’m ever grateful for having the support of my husband and family to write, I need to use this room for greater good. It seems too big for just one little bird.
just me coloring other peoples drawings as always? I wanted to reuse this color scheme but didn’t feel like drawing a pic for it myself OTL
Amit Bansal answers, Just testing the depth of your knowledge. Please remember you need not know everything but you must know everything you have mentioned on your resume and required as per the job profile. Interviewers just push boundaries sometimes.
If any other director asked an actor to put down a teacup, it would be only that. But with Hitch it was done for a reason. If an actor was strumming his fingers it wasn't just an idle strumming, it had a beat, a musical pattern to it--it was like a sound refrain.
The first is my Cosmo bag from Amy Butler's Style Stitches - In Far Far Away by Heather Ross, this was for me, and I absolutely love it. It was worth every second of angst making it!
The long awaited blog is here! I apologize for the wait, but I'm sure you won't be disappointed when you read all the bloggers have to share with you! Thanks to everyone who chimed in, I knew our community would come through ;)
"Ahhhh man, I don't feel good!"
KEG
Anyway, on one of the last trips we made to pick up her stuff, her partner gave us this resin/plastic turtle with some sort of platform on its back. The feet were broken, and his mom had used it as a plant stand.
Philippians 4:11-12
Also, any other comments would be greatly appreciated
A lot has occurred over the last couple of weeks.
In those old days, they mainly ate vegetables but sometimes they could get pork. When visitors came over they would hang up thier bacon to show off. It was a sign of wealth that a man could 'bring home the bacon'. They would cut off a little to share with guests and would all sit around and 'chew the fat'.
Name of account : Bush Radio
2nd place goes to... Teething Gel. I have a one year old and a 4mth old. Both got their first teeth in at 3-4 months. CRAZY yes I know. If I were to calculate how much I've spent on teething gel in the last two years... well... I'd have enough money to buy a small car. Brand new that is.
In the package I included instructions on how to curl up with the quilt and read books and if she should spill some cocoa or tea on it then I also included laundering instructions. I told her it is a utility quilt that is to be used because the more she launders it, the softer it will become. She has been told that there is nothing more annoying than a gift quilt that is put on a shelf and left untouched. :-)
Jews, perhaps the eternal scapegoats, catch it in the neck even from people they’re trying to help. When Crusaders set out in 1096 to retake the Holy Land, Mr. Campbell says, they stopped off in the Rhine Valley and slaughtered Jews—”many of whom had lent the money the Crusaders needed to set out on this religious quest in the first place.” Mass murder can also be seen as a very effective way to cancel a debt.
The boy grimaced at her before he looked back at Audrey. She only shrugged. Twenty seconds later, the front door of the café thudded shut behind him.
AT&T’s new U-verse service doesn’t have to play by all the rules that cable TV companies do. But it should play by one: It should offer viewers the same quality public affairs broadcasts that cable viewers now enjoy.
Although she is in good spirits overall, this round of chemo has brought more sleepiness, neediness(for extra snuggles), and fussiness that we've never endured before. She has been one tough cookie and is still surprising her doctor with her tenacity and happy-go-lucky attitude.
“Supervision, of course. They want a hero standing by in case I go rogue. You’ll be getting a message from Eva soon enough – we’d like you to be the one to watch me.”
It may look a little tenuous but Romney still has to be considered one of the winners on any poll where he holds the lead and certainly Perry's strong debut makes him a winner as well. Here are the losers:
Time is smoke and mirrors
Unfortunately, there were so many main characters that we never spent enough time with any one of them to really get to know them. Most of them are just archetypes--the womanizer, the movie nerd, the lovable loser, the token gay friend, etc.--who never transcend their stereotypes. Which is a shame, because a few of them really had some promise.
12 True
We'll leave you with a pic of Drew's latest trick from this evening:
Beat butter and cream cheese on medium speed for 3min or more until blended, creamy and smooth. Add, vanilla, lemon juice, and Chambord. Mix until combined. Slowly add powdered sugar, stopping to scrape down bowl. Add blackberry preserves and mix until well blended. Add powdered sugar if frosting is too thin for piping onto cupcakes. This makes more than enough to cover 24 cupcakes (depending on how thickly applied you like your frosting).
The Movie “The Artist” came out of nowhere to win some golden statues at this past Academy Awards. When Jean Dujardin accepted his Oscar, his sexy hair was a product of Leonor Greyl’s men’s line and the styling talent of Louise Moon. Leonor Greyl seized the opportunity and made an adorable silent short in the spirit of “The Artist” featuring Ms. Moon as the stylist, and of course Leonor Greyl Products as the star. I had the opportunity to interview Louise Moon about her illustrious career, the short, and what it’s like to work with Leonor Greyl products.
I could see Rebecah smiling in agreement and suddenly realized Diane was giving something to me.
And the squares I sent to her (though just a hair late because of the craziness of the holidays)
That the site seems aimed almost exclusively at teenage boys didn’t surprise. Hell, I go to any site expecting that. ‘Cuz, you know, young white guys are the default people and anyone else is some weird other. But that it was so glaringly unfunny was kind of a shock.
A common misconception was that I came from a rich family.
Matt was driving and I was pressed for time, so unusually, we didn't do a second round. I did, however, note they offered sidecars on the menu, which I mention because a few folks have been asking about where to get them lately. During our hour or so there, a handful of people wandered in and out who seemed to be on friendly terms with the bar staff, so I assume this place has a nice little following of regulars.
While lying in bed that night, William and Jane mourn about their future and their past.
For the next few days, I will be sharing some ideas for edible gifts for your friends and family. Everyone loves to eat, especially during the holiday season, so these ideas are going to be perfect for anyone on your list. This is a great way to stay on budget but still make everyone around you feel special! Also, all of the recipes I'm going to share are perfect for packing up and sending off to a loved one that may be far away.
Girl Scout 2: Caramel Delights!
Retailers abhorrence agenda administration too. No one makes money on accouterments sales. The accumulation is in games, abnormally acclimated games. Some retailers are already abnegation to banal the PSP Go because of its absurd bulk and download abandoned bold distribution. If the bold industry wants to about-face to agenda distribution, they're traveling to accept to alpha affairs consoles to retailers at an even greater accident than they do now so the accouterments profits for the retailers will achieve up for the abridgement of actual software sales.
I know that in this day and age many major home design projects have been put on hold, but that doesn’t mean a couple of little ones can’t done.
Watching Mission Impossible III. Hard to believe a film about 18th-Century Jesuits in South America could have TWO sequels!
new lil side table fo' sale, friends.
Okay, so I realize that the last couple of posts may have got ya'll down. I know you didn't come here to listen to me whine and proselytize. You've got problems of your own. But, you should know that I am not always such a curmudgeon. In fact, I'm generally quite amicable. I'm a funny guy and people fucking love me, yo. And so, in the spirit of being not a Negative Nancy, but choosing instead to spread the so-called P.M.A., we'll listen to an album that is on the gentler, happier side of the coin.
- What thinks Christ of me?
Po takes piano lessons and writes his first song: "Cristobalito".
Yield: 8–12 servings
2010 (Reporters Without Borders, 6/16/10). Nobody has been arrested
Jungle Hijinks architecture kit Beat Donkey Kong at Boscage Hijinks
On Saturday I'll be posting the first of 3 days of Previews for the Waltzingmouse May Release - Claire has 3 lovely sets coming out this month. Previews will be May 5th, 6th and 7th and the release will be on Tuesday May 8th! You won't want to miss it!
I don't know who Stacey Soloman is but I've been defending her since Saturday night when some Paparazi photographer happened upon her smoking and saw an opportunity to make a few big bucks at her expense.
So while maybe we all don't have the budget of a princess, here are some tips that I think we can all take from this iconic style icon.
We rang around our immediately family to let them know the good news and in the evening we went out to celebrate at a chinese restaurant that we’ve been going to for years.
My girls were like seagulls, waiting for that feed to finish and then fighting over who got to sit next to shiny new baby.
** Also, the slogan "I Like Big Bundts" cannot be improved upon. Go ahead and try, I dare you.
2. Jolly Old St. Nicholas
OK thats the nitty gritty over and done with...lol, you'll be wanting to know what our next challenge is right?
I labelled this photograph as a natural landscape because that’s certainly how it appears. However, this scene in the middle of one of Canada’s largest cities. I fished around in the archives to dig up this 1991 picture, made right after a snowfall from the vantage point of a pedestrian bridge. The conditions that morning produced one of my most productive photo sessions! Nikon FM2 film camera, slide film, tripod, probably a polarizing filter. Scanned and processed with Photoshop software.
Robert Pope, The Church and the Sacraments
CALDWELL
Even so, I like to give talk titles that are as vague as possible, so that I can give whatever talk I am most in the mood for when the time comes. This vagueness allows me to talk about the coolest (meaning: the hottest) science.
“But I cannot drive it from my mind,” the other man said quietly. “I cannot forget it any more than you can, Adani. You and your brother found it. The oasis. The treasure of the Last King. I must know where it is!”
Swear this one will be short! In short, don’t be an uneducated twit. Research your candidate IN DEPTH and don’t make a snap decision on whom to vote for. There’s nothing inherently wrong with voting along strict party lines – so long as the party you choose continuously meets the needs you need meeting.
This Spring marked my 12 year anniversary in Los Angeles. I didn’t land the part of Pam on The Office until year 8. I’m hardly an overnight success. Likewise, Rainn Wilson toured the country doing theater and was one of those working but unrecognized actors for over 10 years. Steve Carell had been kicking around for close to 20 years. Most of us on The Office have a story like that. I think that is one of the reasons why we are all so very, very grateful to have landed such a wonderful job. Slow and steady wins the race.
1 liquor
At his father's urging, Skip began to record his experience. He started a blog.
This post is brought to you by the new and exciting Raleigh Roughriders of the Continental Basketball League.
2. I was in Anthropologie the other night (can you say trouble?) and picked up this shirt. Yep, it's orange bicycles. Love it and it's much more fun that my other button-ups I wear to work. And in full disclosure, Justin picked this shirt out. Anthro always has things in random places and Justin saw this and pointed it out to me. He's a keeper.
Sidewalk chalk.
6. Would I care for the garden alone or have help?
*Challenge: I’m a coffee-aholic! I stumble out of bed and fumble straight to the coffee maker. Solution 1: Cross my fingers that my room will have complimentary coffee maker. Solution 2: Find a Starbucks or other coffee shop near the hotel to buy my morning coffee. Opted for: Thanks to Vegas I was forced to select Solution 2. No complimentary coffee but there were three different Starbuck stores in the lobby of the Luxor hotel. (Unfortunately, a Tall cup of plain ‘ol regular coffee was $3. I laughed at that the first day and then quickly decided I would stop the following morning at a Starbucks off the strip on my way to the conference. 1 mile down the street I got a Grande coffee for $2.)
Digimon was the next best thing to Pokemon I tell ya! It used to come on Fox Kids and CiTV. It had a lot of similarities to Pokemon but was so different at the same time. Where as Pokemon was based round one main person Digimon was based around a group of school kids who stumble into the Digi-world. Its all long but it was entertaining back then lol I wanted a Digimon. The sad thing about Digimon was they lived in their own world where as in Pokemon you could have your Pokemon everywhere you went and it was normal no hiding! Ahh well good times!
I am very surprised that such a girly-girl as Jessica would give her baby such a masculine name. I mean, I know it’s a family name but couldn’t she have saved the name for, I don’t know, her future son? Plus, this is the same chick whose major concern during pregnancy was whether her daughter would prefer athletic shoes over strappy heels! Fertiles. Gotta love ‘em!
(i) Publicity and transparency in the entire adjudicative process;
Today I want to share with you one of the fun things I like to make. I love making these cute door hangers and in fact I made one for each of my grandchildren for Christmas and they loved them! This one has the cutest little girl image from Paperbag Studios.
Homemade "Stadium" ice cream (vanilla-Dortmunder ice cream with caramel ribbon, salted peanuts) paired with South Texas Lager
That happened.
Asked Moon.
* Weight: 17 lbs 10 oz... BIG GIRL!!! :)
But now he's entered a new stage... full of new challenges. It's nothing unheard of. In fact, Sadie was doing the exact same things 2 years ago at this time. But it's still exhausting and frustrating! He's climbing on every chair, every table, opening every drawing, toilet lids, pulling out all the baby wipes... you know what I'm talking about. oh you know.
All joking aside, my back was not letting me sleep at night, and seriously not getting any better, and I was very frustrated because I try very hard to do...well...everything right.
The best part of it is that I'll get to watch these people (and many more) perform often when I get to NL as all but Barry Canning live there and I'm sure he'll show up as well!
The other event will be the April 28 Bersih 3.0 rally. Will it take off as the organizers have planned. Bersih has announced a total nationwide target crowd-size of 500,000. Pundits are saying, if even 100,000 turn up, then Najib will be shifting his GE-13 target date to September, and from there, he may even shift it further to 2013.
USA TODAY bestseller Natalie Anderson writes fun, frisky, feels-good contemporary romance for Harlequin Mills & Boon and Entangled. With twenty books published, she’s also been a Romantic Times Award nominee & a finalist for the R*BY (Romantic Book of the Year). She lives in Christchurch, New Zealand with her husband, four children and what feels like a million ducks.
I do not reread books as a general rule. There are only 4 books that I can think of that I have reread: Jane Eyre, The Book of Mormon, Still Life, and A Fatal Grace. Five books if you'll let me count the New Testament. (I read the Old Testament once and I think that will do it for this lifetime.) You may have noticed that 2 of those books are by Louise Penny and can I just say, "The are even better the 2nd time around!"
Male questioner: “I have to read the book out loud rather than internally in order to understand it. I wondered whether reading it aloud to yourself was involved in the creation of it?”
I wanted to start with these lovely little poppers because they combine the two treats for my ideal Mother's Day activity: popcorn and M&M's. I've yet to make these, but I'm so excited for our next movie night so we can test them out!
Long gone are the days of surfing in the morning before school with my Dad, practising dressage manoeuvres at riding school, dancing 5 – 6 days a week at ballet school… So many amazing moments and stories (you’ll have to keep following – a lady likes to take her time letting people get to know her)…
I never usually eat before I head out the door for a workout, but today I actually woke up famished! I started out with a muffin that I’m glad I had since I forgot that I had to start off with a baked goodie. Then I was off, just mere moments before the sunrise with the DJ giving instructions in my ear.
It’s been such awhile since I’ve fiddled on here. I see that WordPress has expanded its stat cruncher, so I now can see where my page views have been coming from.
That’s why I thought I’d start a new weekly feature! From now until the end of December, we’ll be celebrating Thankful Thursdays. Every Thursday, I’ll list the things I’m most thankful for that week. I’d love for you to join me, and list what you’re most appreciative of that week as well.
In 2012 I think we will see more involvement of international designers in the US fabric design scene, there's already Australian, English and Japanese designers and I think we will see more of that as the internet and blogs make us all "closer". I would also like to see more companies doing pre-cuts, I just love them for convenience!
Aviation and airline industry is the only web of transportation capable of covering the globe. It is crucial for many aspects as business, economy, tourism, social-culture and integration. Many economists agree on the fact that the manufacturing of the first B747-400 – capable of flying long distances as from Paris to New York – triggered the power of globalization, acting as a catalyst. This is one of the many examples to let understand the significance of aviation in the human history.
Just starting out by saying sorry for the multitude of posts about parent teacher conference and my feelings about school. I think it is the only thing I do lately. Meet with teacher, make a new "plan for success," yell at my kids about doing homework, they still don't do it, they get Fs, then it starts all over. Vicious cycle. But it is my life. It makes for boring monotonous posts. Skip it if you are sick of it. I wish it were that easy for me.
Cream the butter and sugar, then beat in the eggs one at a time, beating well after each addition. Stir in the lemon rind.
Well, my family just returned home from what can only be described as one of the best family christmases ever. Why? First of all, if asked what I did over the trip, my first response would be "absolutely nothing"...unless you count eating great food, sleeping plenty, words with friends (aka scrabble), and being babied one last time before the real baby comes. Despite the long drive up north, I always look forward to going home for the holidays. We somehow manage to split the time up with both families and everybody's happy. If I had to choose my top 5 memories of the week, these would be them:
I’ll keep you…you’ll be my jar of smiles.
We experienced a problem, fixed it on our end and tried to advocate so that we didn’t experience it again in the future nor did anyone else. But advocacy is often unwelcome. People don’t necessarily want to hear it. They want us to not bother their perfect worlds or to come out in public where we can teach our kids what they need to do. People don’t want to be inconvenienced. Opening your mind or being willing to show tolerance — which is pushed all over the place in this political campaign, to everyone except the disabled — is not something everyone’s going to do, regardless of how hard we tried.
Pour forth your brilliance upon my dense intellect,
You just need a whole lot of patience and faith that you'll come across something amazing in your treasure hunt. Keep an open mind and you'll be surprised with how much you'll save on books and on the kinds you'll be able to take home!
7: the hand that rocks the cradle (Smiths) 5:30
I still have power, I am one of my kind…
It takes a high IQ to want to keep one’s original faith system relevant and vibrant in opposition to one from a foreign land and full of strife, what makes such informativeness on one’s homeland’s native faith system to survive and be strong in one’s own homeland such a low view?
Smudged makeup,
I’ll speak and I’ll bitch
Deputy Joan Burton: ￼ ￼ He should not use that kind of language in this House in reference to any women and he should withdraw it.
I loved sitting out front with him,
The imagination, however, is still its own realm. Like many authors, I’ve been on the road this last month, visiting the many schools who have been having their annual Book Week. (Why do they all choose March? But that’s another issue.)
Now it’s time for some drilling and magnet gluing… always a bit of a pain. Anyway, I glued a magnet on the neck position, one on each shoulder (on the arms side of course), and the right arm needed to get two magnets, one to attach to the shoulder (so keep your polarities correct!) and the other for the right-hands-with-huge-axes pieces. You are able now to check how those heads fit and even how the axe hands work on the right arm.
Your grandson "reupped" for another tour in the Marines and is being sent to Japan for three years next month. They packed up their house and are waiting for those orders to come through so they may visit Sacramento one last time before the new tour.
God is asking you something today and my question to you and myself is WHY NOT ???
As far as "controlling" my kids. Of course I don't control them. Nor do I want to control them. I want to teach them to control themselves.
Regardless of who making their beer - it is local and I whole heartily recommend trying them when enjoying a meal at Wingers restaurants. They are all familiar, enjoyable and solid beers.
Informed sources tell Shareology that one of the new tenants slated for Mall of America’s south corridor this fall is …… Microsoft! Watch the GapKids space for one of the first retail stores opened by the Washington company; plan on watching a lot of Xboxes go out the door. Shaping up to be even more fun is the Guru versus Genius Bar battle between Microsoft and their across-the-hall neighbor, Apple… Let the Games begin!
It's a problem and I admit to it.
8. It should go without saying, but DON’T pitch me your book in the bathroom.
Further commenting on the launch Ms Ekta Kapoor, Joint Managing Director, Balaji Telefilms Ltd said, “After Bade Acche Laggte Hai ruling the charts, we at Balaji are all geared up for yet another interesting show – Kyaa Hua Tera Vaada which celebrates marriage after 10 years. Through this show we want to show our viewers how the relationship between a husband and wife changes through time but love remains constant. I am extremely delighted to take the relationship with Sony Entertainment Television to another level with the launch of Kyaa Hua Tera Vaada and hope that we are able to create magic together once again”
Hmmmm, shrimp flavored coffee....
Apologies for the lack of posting the last few days, no doubt I will leave large gaps over the festive period. Tomorrow post will be a rant about half of our population, so no doubt that will rattle a few feathers!
Well, we’re normal now alright. My place amongst the smirkers and nodders has been assured. Alcoholic mother? My dad killed himself. I win.
2. What is the best writing tip you've ever been given?
regular public schools have a pay scale that is based on years of teaching
60. Lord Wasserman - Conservative - Shares in Diageo plc an alcohol drinks company who have been awarded money to teach midwives in England and Wales on the dangers of alcohol. No, you can't make it up. Lansley used to hold a directorship at Profero who had Diageo as one of their clients. Shares in Johnson & Johnson Inc, which supplies the NHS. Shares in Procter & Gamble Co, which supplies the NHS. Walgreen Company - American pharmaceutical company. For more on Walgreens. The bill will give pharmaceuticals even more diverse healthcare providers to build relationships with. Voted loyally on the Health and Social Care bill.
Everyone wants to think they're raising a genius. Less than 2% of the world's population have a genius IQ. Statistically speaking, you are probably not raising a future Mensa candidate. Seriously, STFU. While being a parent should be part of what defines you, it shouldn't be the only thing that defines you. While you aren't raising a Mensa candidate, you're raising an entitled, spoiled little shit, who (thanks to you) thinks they world revolves around them.
I tend to think about things quite a bit before I act on something that impacts my life greatly. It took me a while to decide to file bankruptcy but it was the best choice for me. Giving up my house in my bankruptcy was hard but was also a good idea. Now the thought of owning a home gets me all stressed out. So where am I going to live? I’m so tempted to just get a small camper trailer and just hook it up to my car & take off as soon as I can, since it’ll just be me. (And cats)
Firstly the packaging. Some people hate this because it's OTT and tacky and quite sickly, however this is basically my style so i really like it. I'm not too keen on the pinky-purple colour and would prefer to see it on a plain bubblegum, neon or magenta pink, however i still think it's very pretty. People have said it looks like the Mac Heatherette packaging or a vibrator, which it does, but i don't care, i still think it's nice and fun and not too similar to the Heatherette packaging to just be a copy. However, perhaps because i'm an artist myself and know lots of other graphic designers, or perhaps just beause i'm being hyper critical, there are lots of small problems that irritate me.
Now I can’t take credit here.
They used as their model the very vital Chicago Irish-American Heritage Center once also a cavernous school building.
1.Loneliness
Could it really be a year already since the last great Brooklyn Book Festival where I sat among the enchanted and the disenchanted the hopeful and the delusional among the voices of angry metaphors and soothing rhymes among the wandering ticketless rejected superannuated ghosts of a forgotten generation and the fresh faced superbrats of an over rated one-- all of us and my books and my friend Greg getting wet under a pissy but consistent rain selling nothing just mingling with the crazies and the semi crazies all of us inside and out indoors or out with the same thing in common our love of the written word no matter how well or badly written the words are.
I loved reading; I read any book I could get my hands on. My third grade teacher made my whole class learn how to read in the cafeteria when everyone was being loud, so we could learn to focus. I probably didn't need a lot of help in blocking things out when getting sucked into another world, and it sure didn't serve me well in fourth grade, when my next teacher was constantly trying to get my attention before class started. One time, I was so sucked into a book that it wasn't until my fourth grade teacher was like, "LAURA!" that I looked up and realized everyone was standing up for the pledge of allegiance.
I like how they used different cake stands to showcase different sweets. I like the idea of having cake balls but not sure if they'll be necessary. If they are, I think I prefer them showcased cake pop down (like above) as opposed to sticking in styrofoam. (I officially cannot believe I even have an opinion on that...)
and becoming emaciated.
--twenty-something tops,
“Day and night” being seen as a unit of time is a Jewish expression, not a Greek one. The first audience of Matthew’s Gospel spoke like this, the first audience of Luke’s Gospel did not. That’s why Luke, and the sequel “Acts,” says “on the third day.”
275 in bottles over the course of the weekend, running
Laying a clean white towel on the bed, Suzanne instructed Charles to lie on top of it. Lying on his front, he rested his head on his arms with his eyes closed, in eager anticipation. Suzanne straddled his body, kneeling on either side of him, and poured some of Aziza’s Aphrodisiac Love Potion Massage Oil into her hand, rubbing them both together. Then starting with his shoulders, she used her thumbs to get into the deep tissue muscle between his shoulders, to get rid of all the knots. Charles encouraged her to go deeper. He could feel the tension being released as she kneaded his muscles as if she was kneading dough to make bread.
Here are the DT cards for your inspiration.
Lee Gak asks Hwa Yong if she knows the answer and her reply is that she may or may not know the answer. Lee Gak: “You probably wouldn’t know it. No, you don’t know it.” I hear you!
I started by welding the calender grid from Designer's Calender cartridge. I sized a grid to 5.82 by 4.06 inches. I then made 3 copies and welded the 4 images together. I shifted the large grouped grid to fit on my mat so I created 10 squares by 10 squares (a portion of the grid hung off my Cricut Mini Mat; on an Expression Mat you could line this up without hanging the welded image off the mat). I laid the grid on a piece of white cardstock paper approximately 10 by 11.5 inches.
The event was great with lots of good food, wine and the angelic voices of the children from Desa Pukak Hostel.
“This is an outright lie. Nowhere, and at no time has the President held any particular group responsible for the attack. Additionally, neither the Nigerian security services nor the Nigerian government have confirmed those behind the attacks”.
You will need: Your basket and eggs, Curvaceous Border stamp set and Background Borders stamp set, brown chalk ink, patterned paper, scissors, paper trimmer, chip board pieces, Smooch Spritz, letter stickers, butterfly punch, Smooch Glitz, 3 1/2 by 5 1/2 matted photo.
Layers, New Raster Layer, Floodfill with black, Selections, Select None
16 Thai chili peppers with ends cut off, leaving pepper intact but open for the hot liquid to infuse the inside of the pepper.
In a feeder march from Laney College to join the noon General Strike rally, AFT and OEA and UTR teachers, two groups of high school students, the black student union, entire classes of students, Labor Black and Brown activists, and various socialist groups marched on and served a symbolic eviction notice to the Oakland School Board.
Dear Boxer,
I’m Forever Blowing Bubbles is a relic of the old custom of community singing at football matches – formal, organized singalongs before kick off. The fingerprints of this era can still be seen right across the land. At Birmingham City, for example, the fans sing Harry Lauder’s Keep Right On To The End Of The Road; at Bristol Rovers the old
We love guns in the west but we love highways even more. And since Salt Lake City, the hub of economic activity in the state, has a relatively small core, we have many people who commute to the city from both the north and the south. Indeed, Davis county to the north, is known as the bedroom of Salt Lake. It is connected to city by Interstate 15 which is used by so many commuters that, despite being widened any number of times, was deemed inadequate, and the powers that be at the time determined that the freeway should be duplicated with another one running parallel to it. Again the activists went into action. As many of you know, the Salt Lake Valley, running a hundred miles from Ogden in the north to Provo in the south, is located between the Wasatch Mountains on the east and the Great Salt Lake on the West. The foothills on the east side of the valley for the whole hundred miles were filled with homes so there was no possibility of a duplicate freeway to the east. That left the wetlands of the lakeshore that were largely undeveloped exactly because they were wetlands and subject to almost annual flooding and, in part, protected. But it was the only place a road could be built and it was going to happen come hell or high water. Cyclists, in fact, by riding north and south on the little roads that did exist were noticing that construction was going on even during the litigation. In face of this mitigation and the fact that the road was going to happen, the extraction of concessions became the objective of the activists’ battle. Without reciting the whole list of concessions, most of which I know nothing about, just let me say that for us the most important was the inclusion of the bike path. And to help sell the idea of an additional freeway, they called it a “parkway” and that definition included the bike path, a fifty-five mile speed limit and the promise of no construction on the wetlands west of the highway. I have serious doubts about how serious they are about not building west of the roadway but the bike path is there and no semis and a reasonable speed limit make for pleasant biking even where the path is just feet from the road.
Because I don't want Brian to read this and ever think that his sharing caused me pain that I myself cannot endure.
But I know I saw you pray.
-End-
Several doctors mentioned the importance of being polite and respectful to the doctor on call—the physician who is covering for your doctor. If you are not, word gets around. This affects how the doctor and her staff perceive you, and it can affect the quality of your medical care.
Glory be to the Father and to the Son and to the Holy Spirit. As it was in the beginning is now and ever shall be, world without end. Amen
Her poetry became the basis of her lyrics, and she started playing at New York clubs. She signed with Shelter Records in 1974.
Merry Christmas!!!!!!!!!!
Clearly, I had lost sight of my goal. I'd forgotten that the most important thing to me was developing a positive relationship with my children and that the work was simply a means to that end. In the same way, Mormons (and, indeed, all kinds of people with the best of intentions) sometimes have a tendency to become so entrenched in service that we forget why we are doing it. The goal is not the service itself, but growing our relationship with our Savior.
Thursday, May 10; 10:30 AM – 11:45 AM
We had a great time and hopefully we can continue the tradition. Thanks to everyone
I hope if there ever is some sort of zombie apocalypse I'm wearing an outfit like this. I think I really would embrace the end of the world and kick more ass and survive a little longer if I was properly outfitted like a bad ass. Or I'd just develop a wicked yeast infection on Day 2, feel sorry for myself and let a zombie eat my brain.
While the pantywaist wuzzies of the coalition are tormenting themselves over whether to fly their masters' flag from public buildings (for the brief period left, when they still have a choice), 66 years ago, real men and real women had been celebrating the end of the war in Europe – with still the Japs to beat.
Warehousing & Storage Facilities
October 7, 2010
– Emilly
Pete Brown's in fine form and having a jolly old time too as he gave us some advice on how to taste and appreciate beer prior to our first glass of the evening being poured.
This shit JUST. PLAIN. FUCKING. RULES.
provides a selection of clip art motifs. They cannot be adjusted or changed. You can load a saved photo. The zoom feature inherent in most iPad apps is nice, as is the highlight tool for specific colors. Unfortunately, there is little care in correcting colors so one ends up with some rather questionable combinations and placement. There has been no update to the app since May 2011; almost as if the developer forgot all about it.
I'm not expecting much out of it, but I think it would be fun anyway.^O^ And it would be cool if it did work out. I'd love to be able to go to places like London and Tokyo for photoshoots. Hell, I plan on doing that regardless of what happens with the agencies, it'll just mean I'll have to find my own way there.:P
I have admiration and envy for anyone who can pull off flash fiction. It’s something I’m working towards, myself. Apparently there are “short story people” and “novel people.” I’m a “novel person.” I think in terms of stories that require chapters of build up. My characters develop over thousands of words. But I’m challenging myself, as an exercise, to practice flash fiction. If you don’t already do it yourself, I recommend it. It’s a wonderful lesson in choosing words, conveying theme and emotion, and portraying characters without over-speaking.
chant roundelay. "A lot of those vocal experiments just
But understanding was not control. If Francis knew what he was, he could not alter it, he had no power at all over the vagaries and eruptions of his own mind. He was helpless in the face of an attack of insanity, no matter which way it went with him, whether he was depressed or violent, whether he was hysterical, agitated or deluded by visions and voices.
Hops: Nugget, Willamette, Cascade.
I thought it was quite funny he had made several of these 'photograph postcards' to send to his family. I had never seen them before.
5/5/12: Eli Manning/Rihanna: Guess what? Little Eli may just be the best quarterback in the Manning family. Now, yes, he absolutely has a ways to go to catch up to Peyton statistically, but he does have more Super Bowl rings, and that is no fluke. But … the topic at hand is hosting SNL. Peyton Manning is hands down the best athlete host in SNL history, and Eli has never really indicated that he has the charisma to match his brother when it comes to endorsement deals or television appearances. All I’m saying is, Eli may want to take some pointers from big brother.
talluhbloom sweet missus!!
This is a view of the large Dogwood on the other side of the back yard. The yard isn't very big so they almost meet in the middle.
The Lord has truly been moving in my heart, forcing me to bend a little further and stretch a little more than I could have ever imagined. Currently, He is stretching me on grief. It’s a tough one too. It’s easy to say that we know and understand that our children will grieve one day, but it’s another to walk that road with them. I am not completely naive to the fact of how difficult things could be, but the reality of it is that until we walk that road, we wont really know.
Carl Asaro, 39, Middletown, N.Y.
As Paul mentions (and as I've said), there are a number of functions brick-and-mortar stores serve (specialized knowledge, author events, cafés, the experience of physically browsing, and so on) that can't be duplicated by on-line vendors.
I think it is clear that this story is not mean to be set in the Sixties. The computer technology is more advanced and there seems to be peace with Russia. The story is specifically stated by the Brigadier to have taken place four years after Web of Fear which was set in 1975, according to Professor Travers. This is clear evidence that the UNIT stories have an 80s rather than a 70s setting.
Amazon.com: The Captain Must Die eBook: Robert Colby: Kindle Store: For twelve long years they remembered. For twelve long years they plotted. And now Captain Driscoll was going to pay for what he had done to them during the war.
Clinique have a really lightweight powder foundation that gives that no make-up make-up look while protecting your skin from damage.
A cardiac intensivist just emerged to tell us that there do not appear to be signs of infection outside of Sam's heart (this is big news--an uncontrolled infection would spell disaster); also, the preliminary tests on the pieces of vegetation that have been removed appear negative so far. She also added that with the large amount of vegetation on Sam's aortic valve, she feels more confident that they made the right decision in undertaking this surgery.
This year our yard is finally being used for enjoyment, whether playing with the kids or simple solitary moment of picking lavender or gazing at the perfectly blue sky. Many the night has been shared with hubby and bottle of wine or during the day with friends and freshly brewed iced-tea....ahhhh my little moments in the yard I love you all.
If you have the opportunity to visit the Store in Sleen (in the Netherlands) then Louise and Liesbeth will be very happy to say Hi to you during a workshop or in the store itself. So don't hesitate and come on over to the online webstore or to the store in Sleen and you will find lots of yummie stuff.
The USA 'aint doing badly either, by the way. This is, of course good news for those that are in the business of making and selling beer (especially those in China) but it also suggests that the other shoe might fall as the emerging economies become high-income economies and switch their drinking habits to wine and spirits.
1 – a constitutional monarchy between the king and government.
The Animus was an alien intelligence which landed on the planet Vortis. It could take over any living creature that was in contact with gold and had already taken control of the ant-like Zarbi when the Doctor and his companions arrived on Vortis. One of Vortis' surviving lifeforms, the Optera, referred to the Animus as "Pwodarauk". The Animus manifested itself within an organic, self-healing palace called the Carcinome.
August 26 Los Angeles, CA WHITE HOT SUMMER GROOVE The Hollywood Bowl, 2301 North Highland Drive with EUGE GROOVE
Each unique program features several original shorts on a given theme such as: Boom or Bust, Phobia & Fetish, or Sink or Swim. On June 22nd and 23rd, Great Small Works will perform a brand-new cantastoria, Three Graces, in which three mythical graces — Harmony, Strategy and Splendor — float down to earth for an Op-Art romp inspired by Grace Kelly, Grace Paley, Grace Jones and Grace Lee Boggs.
Can't even believe it is Thursday already! Hope all is well with you. Looking forward to a calm weekend around here. Let me leave you with a cute picture from my DIL-to-be's shower last Sunday! A good time was had by all. The bridal party did an amazing job, and pulled off a huge surprise with the help of my DS.
So this year’s upcoming business meeting has an interesting little By Law change propsed (via the Board) to reduce the ‘excessively costly’ annual meetings. Buried in the motion are provisions that hand effective budget control over to the Board and reduce the power of the Governing Council to almost, a nullity but for elections of officers, which will be done from candidate lists largely controlled by the Board.
5. Dance In The Smoke (White, Argent) 6:17
Other - Heat Gun, Hero Arts Unltra fine Clear Embossing Powder, Pop Dots
A woman in the shape of a monster
That’s right this is the RANT-Tastic episode! On this episode we rant about:
In America, religion is relatively nonmystical. Religious teachers here are predominantly good, healthy materialists. They follow common sense. … The majority of religious people in this country do not accept on faith the idea of jumping into a cannibal’s pot and giving away their last shirt to the backward people of the world. Many religious leaders preach this today, because of their own leftist politics; it’s not inherent in being religious.
December 18, 2009 — Judge Stan Strickland denies a request to take the death penalty off of the table in the prosecution of Casey Anthony.
If you would like to purchase the picnic basket, just send me a note at theclassicbride@gmail.com with your zip code and I will get you a shipping quote. All final payments are accepted via PayPal.
Please stop by and visit their site.
Some problems caused by celiac disease may not improve, such as a shorter than expected height and damage to the teeth.
Hi Mrs. Pear!
In the meantime, I'm finishing a Shutterfly photo book that I've worked on non-stop for a week. I received a gift certificate from TripAdvisor after writing a review for them but it expires tomorrow. No way do I want to lose it. I'm titling it "Holland: Through My Lens" (101 pages, the limit) unless one of you comes up with something a bit more exciting. Remember helping us name our Granny Towanda car?!
The word is power. In the Book of Genesis, God creates the world with his word. In the New Testament book of John, God is the word (Word – logos). The written word first began as a way to record trade and administrative matters and later evolved into a means of political control. The Persian King Cyrus’s famous cylinder codifies his power over every other ruler on earth. From the earliest human civilizations comes this tradition of the word, especially the written word, as power in itself.
The second look is a pair of 7 for all Mankind white jeans paired with a beige poncho by One Teaspoon and adorable Alden Rae bracelets to finish off the outfit. Perfection! :)
However, I do recommend them for certain items: bags, scarves, jewelry (i.e., items that don’t require getting naked to try them on). Thus, one of my favorite shops in Paris is the accessories boutique “Pour” located at 23 rue Berthollet in the 5th arrondissement. It’s small, off the beaten track and carries unique pieces that make perfect gifts for you or your friends.
2009: Unnamed dkb/br f by Elusive Quality. Unraced.
On the 5th of April 1453, the Ottoman Turkish Sultan, Mehmet II “The Conqueror” (1451-1481) arrived to join his army establishing its siege of Constantinople. The people of the city had experienced many long sieges over the preceding centuries. They had reason to hope; the thousand-year old walls of Theodosius remained strong, and their faith in the Virgin Mary was unshakeable. How many times had She saved the city before? Why would She not save them again?
When her parents die, teenager Gail Dorjee retreats into an angry, sarcastic shell. She hopes it will ease her pain, but all it gets her is a one-way trip from Kansas to a Seattle boarding school, the elite Osland Academy.
About.
‘Good. What’s that?’
O'er a' the ills of life victorious!
Pius XII: Under The Roman Sky is a 2010 TV movie that attempts to detail the efforts of Pope Pius XII (played by James Cromwell) to save Jews from the Nazis after the city falls under Nazi occupation in 1943, as well as covering an alleged plot by Hitler to take the Pontiff as a hostage. A German/Italy co-production, Canadian-born director Christian Duguay’s 3-hour film is scored by Italian composer Andrea Guerra and the score features lush strings and beautiful a lovely soprano voice (plus larger chorus) that imparts an uplifting feel in the listener rather than the ominous and dramatic aspects that the topic may suggest (more on that in a moment).
* 03 – Come to the forum and interact with us
I found out that many religious preachers, although some of them may have good intentions, have let the Word act in the manner where it has hurt individuals at most and I am not sure if that is always unintended, at least a large amount of evangelical preachers do not seem too concerned about how their teachings and judgmental attitudes are received or even how it damage the individual, but they surely must see and be aware of the effects of their preachings! For while they condemn the act in itself, the homosexual behavior, they often say that they “hate the sin but love the sinner”. But somehow I cannot get rid of that creepy feeling that they don’t distinguish between the act and the person who performs it! Even if they want us to believe the opposite. Why do Christians so often say that frase, especially when talking about homosexuality? You won’t find this quote in the Jewish Bible, nor in the Christian Bible, I am absolutely sure about that!
Let's get high awhile
Not likely. So it’s the same with the Hindu culture and the Vedas. The Vedas are the spine of Hindu tradition and should be respected as such even though many Hindus don’t carry their lessons in the forefront of their minds every day. But visit any Hindu home and you’ll feel the serenity and be the benefactor of their dedication to ahimsa. While not all Hindus are strict vegetarians, the conscientious guest or host will err on the side of caution and not bring any animal based cuisine. If a guest in a Hindu home commits a faux pas, it will probably not be brought to anyone’s attention because to a Hindu, the guest is God. Everyone has the Divine in them and is deserving of service and respect. A simple by–product of ahimsa respect. As one Hindu commits to nonviolence, many he has relationships with follow suit so they do not offend him, their friend who is also divine. The world could learn a lot from Hindus.
For love
Our intrepid newsteam member Lusanda Bill will be live from 12h00 – 13h00, bringing you some smooth and silky sounds.
Thank you for visiting The E-Team for our first eclectic Challenge: "Your a Good Egg". They came up with some creative, resourceful, and artful ways with a little Distress Ink, some dies and an egg carton. Your comments motivate them to accept any challenge I can come up and make some kind of wonderful projects to share with you.
It’s like, I want to let you, God, deal with this person, who I know I can’t change. Who I have made myself crazy trying to change. Who is far beyond anywhere I ever thought they would be. And instead of just removing that person from our lives, that person just keeps showing up!!
2 cups (475ml) whole milk
It's a fun, precious story with a sweet, happy ending the entire family can enjoy together!
This monument, by the way was unveiled in 1936! 1936 and nary a peep. But now it's 2012 and OH MY GOD, TITS!!! THINK OF THE CHILDREN!!!!!
2. Wear appropriate underwear. This is for your sanity as well as the sanity of us. I’m all for body confidence and girls who love their bums, but please note lacy thongs have a purpose, that purpose is not wiggling your botty in my face whilst I unfurl layers of tulle. Think of what you’d wear on the day (for the ceremony, not the night time event); you want to know how you’re going to feel in the dress. Nude, strapless, VPL-less and possibly ‘hold-in’ is preferred.
Cheap, no chemicals, doesn’t contain the active ingredient of commercial deodorants/antiperspirants, which is known to cause cancer; works on me, and I stink like a man and had to use prescription strength deodorant in the past.
The Super Chemist Art Shop at a Quantum Space-Factory Dreaming the Line-Imagination Curvatures of a Dipole River in Hera-Hera-Alblackica Sunny Spring Day
My problem is there are far too many things to read, and not enough time.
Read an interesting cover story in The New York Times Magazine last Sunday about James Patterson. He markets himself better than his publisher does! He told Little Brown he wanted to advertise on TV. They balked so he wrote and paid for the ad himself for Along Came A Spider. Of course, he had to add young adult author to his list and immediately Maximum Ride: The Angel Experiment http://search.barnesandnoble.com/Maximum-Ride/James-Patterson/e/9780316067959/?itm=1&USRI=maximum+ride+angel, published in 2005. There are at least 4 books in the series. Fun reading that should interest resistant readers - bird kids being chased by other DNA adapted youth and hiding from the scientist who wants to keep experimenting on them. The young teens and children have bird DNA and can fly away from most of the danger. His newest tween series, Witch and Wizard http://search.barnesandnoble.com/Witch-and-Wizard/James-Patterson/e/9780316072205/?itm=1 is Patterson's newest serries that will help the tweens who are having Harry Potter withdrawal
making a break for it and all she wanted was a look.
A great resource and study in how to use crisis to inspire and implement change:
“I don’t think it’s a good idea…I like spending time with you, but we want different things. If you ever change your mind, give me a call. I’ll be here.” I hit “send” with a shaky index finger. My phone went off a few minutes later, signaling a text message. I was hoping that he would ask me why or how I wanted to end things, but he knew that Meredith and I talked. I knew all of this information and I could not pretend that I did not have the feelings that I had.
One of the first shrubs I planted in my own garden, and which I still absolutely love, is Viburnum sargentii ‘Onondaga’. It’s just one of those great value shrubs that I wouldn’t be without. A tall upright shrub (up to 2.5m high), it has very attractive maple-like leaves which are bronze when they open, turning green with purple tints, and finally orange in autumn. The lacecap flowers are really stunning, opening from the outside in, and are followed by red berries. Happy in sun or shade, and a good reliable grower on most soils, what more could you want from a shrub?!
The Falklands War broke out in 1982, some 30 years ago, when roughly 3,140 English citizens on the islands witnessed an invasion by thousands of Argentine troops. After ignoring a UN Resolution calling for a withdrawal, a British submarine sank the Gen. Belgrano, an Argentine ship, causing 362 sailors to die at sea, and soon thereafter, Argentina’s military junta surrendered. 13 years later, a different government agreed not to invade again, as weekly flights between the islands and Argentina resumed.
Analyzing your rec to print with your royalty statement allows you to assess whether an audit is necessary. Given that so many of the big NYC houses are putting limits on look-back for audit (2 years is unfortunately becoming a sort of “standard”), it’s more important than ever to analyze statements and see what action, if any, is necessary.
TEQUILA LIME TART
Shortly afterwards, the Centre for Research on Globalization website posted an article written by Wayne Madsen. Mr. Madsen claims that a highly confidential official report has been circulating among senior members of the US Congress and their top advisors. The report has been allegedly nicknamed as the "C & R document". The author stipulates that those letters stand for none other than "conflict" and "revolution" because those scenarios are supposedly regarded by America's policymakers as plausible consequences triggered by a financial meltdown. According to Mr. Madsen, the content of the document reveals that severe financial chaos could spark a major war if Washington refuses to honor its foreign debt and/or massive riots in US cities if the American population does not accept a considerable tax increase.
Clark: "Good idea"
Hansen was/is a regular in many transvestite clubs, dressed in drag and doing Liza Minelli inpersonations. He was recruited by fellow transvestite performer and sugar daddy lover, CIA handler Dave Corso; he was mind-controlled and given the mission to infiltrate Project Camelot and report on any sensitive info passed their way.
This, however, is a total Pioneer Woman creation. Hardly surprising that it was awesome x1000. I used beef instead of pork, because that’s what I had. Funny that I’ll go to the store specifically to buy a bottle of Dr. Pepper, but I won’t go to the store specifically to buy a pork shoulder. I try not to explain myself. It’s complicated.
It won’t do you any good to go to that show grumpy, or to list that piece of jewelry without a loving description or effort.
Easter candy
So, I leave you for now with a face to these words. At least you’ll know who you’re talking to.
Turn-off: Stink
I got to go to town yesterday, which is a big deal to someone who spends their entire life out in the bush at work. I had lunch with my wonderful Uncle, and then did some quick shopping for everyone else out here. I only made it to London Drugs, and I spotted the new Burlesque Nail Polishes from OPI. I fell in love with the Purple sparkly one, its called.... Show it & Glow it (thanks to in InStyle Magazine for having the names in the OPI polishes in an add) I picked it up and then put it back (a first for me!) Because there is NO way I'm paying $17.99 for a bottle of nail polish! After that I figured I'd better vacate the make-up area before my will power went through the window!
Finish: Eridge Station TQ542345
Love Nashville. It is your typical yeah-ha, boot scootin’ town!
HOW – Your input
5.Show your loveBuy her flowers or candy or perfume every now and then, even if u have been together for 5 years. It's wonderful to continue showing someone that u care for him or her. Cook him a special meal, paint him a Valentine's Day card. Knit him mini-socks he can't wear ( like for decoration purposes), buy him a packet of milk for breakfast, or pack his wardrobe for him...so he knows u can still be romantic and loving despite having been together for quite a while.
Why else is it necessary? It is, as the wonderful Elizabeth Warren reminds up, part of the social contract. Making vast sums of money requires the support (willing, intentional, or otherwise) of the whole of society. Paying that back is a reasonable request. It is also true that income inequity forces a larger tax burden on households headed by women and people of color. Of course the loudest voices in the Republican party disagree. The Ryan budget does nothing to address this inequity. Candidate Romney, who refuses to share more than one year’s worth of his tax papers with the country he wants to lead, is also a vocal opponent. Anti-tax goblin Grover Norquist, of whom many Republican legislators live in fear, is adamant in his opposition.
And if you're not going to watch it? You're a CHICKEN! And I will chicken dance at you!
So for those of you who did not know I am a noob on the blog scene I have made this post for you to point and laugh at me. As for the rest of you, please ignore this post and move on to reading my previous post (Charlie 3).
Likewise, the evil person of kills or steals or plunders: There are true ‘evil’ people who do things to hurt others because they have a very sick mind, but there are those who are evil who do things only because they believe it is helping others — the problem being that their actions, unlike Ms. Mallick’s, happen to hurt the world as opposed to help it.
I'd still like to find some more goodies. I need a taper for the candle holder and I really want to get some purple up there. I'd also like something sparkly or twinkly to add some light - it is feeling a bit drab.
I walked into the printing place, and the woman who helped me seemed to be about my age. I handed her my application, then she was like, “oh, you need to take a math test”. The look on her face and the tone of her voice, though, was more like a, *sigh* great, here’s another one.. Not very friendly at all. In fact, all of the workers there were not smiling. It kinda made me think twice about my decision.
Last year, police broke up a similar rally with tear gas and water cannons, and briefly detained around 1,600 members of the Bersih group, whose name means ‘clean’ in Malay. That earned Mr. Najib’s government international condemnation, and prompted him to move forward on a series of political reforms, including ending Malaysia’s feared Internal Security Act, which allows for indefinite, warrantless detention.
I think my wife discovered chilaquiles on our honeymoon in Puebla, MX. We were at a hotel that had been a convent back in the colonial period (probably for some really rich nuns because the place was very impressive). They had a great breakfast buffet and we had our choice of different types of the dish almost every morning. While I had never thought much about them before, my wife was so excited, I think she ate them for every breakfast. So of course they show up every once in a while around our house!
Stop SB 759
I have to mention Alfonso. Alfonso is my gilded Spanish chicken, and he lives on the ledge behind my desk. He's a little the worse for wear, poor thing: I found him in a tiny shop in Seville in the late 80s, and he's a bit worn out now – but he's still smiling. I do like his expression; it makes me smile, too. I plan to fill my work space gradually with things that resonate with me for whatever reason: things that give off positive energy, to indulge in some ghastly New-Age-Speak. Alfonso definitely does that. He was the Chicken of Happiness, long before Edward Monckton thought of such a thing.
~Liz
Let's face it: 2012 will likely bring more clouds and more storms. For all I know, the year ahead could make The Year of the Pigeon-Toed Duck Waddle look like a cake walk. Not trying to be Debbie Downer here, but when you reach the ripe age of 50, you just know that kind of stuff.
That’s pretty funny. No author has ever given me a bookstore contact. The ONLY bookstore I ever called was the one that Jones has pictured on his site. It is called Books N’ More an Indianapolis bookstore. It is there for anyone to view, so I called the store to see if the books were still being displayed. The owner told me they were taken down last July. It had nothing to do with Bonnie Kaye, but rather that the books weren’t selling and it was a temporary display.
O'Rourke and Grubbs are in top form on Camoufleur (Drag City, 1998), a makeshift meeting of abstract art and pop music, and, in a way, the alter ego of Upgrade And Afterlife. Two ballads tower over the album. O'Rourke's Mouth Canyon is languid and hypnotic. The texture is apparently simple but actually quite complex. Grubbs' Blues Subtitled No Sense Of Wonder is a masterpiece of restrained dynamics: piano, noise, organ, cello and trumpet behave like voices of a crowd, then soar together to accompany the human voice, and finally fade out, leaving a plaintive piano to spill out anemic notes. There is a sense of apathy and futility that envelops and warps these ballads.
Marshall isn’t happy at all about this, but Lily is thrilled. Barney gets the soon-to-be-dad to relax by ordering an alarming amount of shots and having them both turns off their phones for an hour. I’m pretty sure you can figure out what’s coming, and sure enough, when Barney turns his phone back on, it’s to find Lily’s seventeen voice messages to him and Marshall, saying she’s in labor.
My friend, who takes me shopping might take me to the nursery Sunday or Monday. I want to get a mini citrus tree for it. I found such a plant on Amazon, but they won't ship to the citrus states. So, I'm hoping to find one at the plant nursery.
Do you collect anything in particular or like something in particular:
knowledge and install a chief. Someone from whom you demand feasts and impeccable generosity. Anthropology can offer many cases of social systems where the chief has to work twice as hard to acquire the goods for redistribution he needs to keep his people happy without ever gaining him any power other than the right to speak at the general assembly. I repeat: a leader has the right to speak, and the guarantee that no one will listen. Chiefdom is a way to keep the
While acknowledging divisions in the intellectual movement against the rise of the Muslim Brotherhood and a dim future ahead, El-Ghitany still believes that “Egypt will not become an Islamic country.”
"Hopefully if it's our guy he'll let you on," I said.
Nevertheless, I came across an essay on line. It was about aliens. It was semi-interesting. Apparently those boffins, who are most likely balding, wearing white coats, thick-rimmed glasses and of Central European extraction have been contemplating our relationships with ETIs. For all you spunky noobs out there who haven’t got my uncanny grasp of deciphering acronyms, that means Extra-Terrestrial Intelligence. Apparently, when looking back on native people’s experiences with powerful, foreign and advanced civilisations, especially in the New World, they’ve come to the conclusion that “First Contact” may not be all flashing lights, bad synth and flying bicycles. It may actually involve disease, genocide and cultural assimilation. Compare ET to Independence Day.
1 ½ cups cold heavy cream
"as smooth as silk" ?Thai air
My daughter in law was recently at our local Target store and witnessed a funny yet amazing moment I just had to share. The store was totally packed with Mother's trying desperately to gather all of their kids school supplies. With many of these Mom's were just as many kids, and their siblings who weren't happy about the process.There isn't anything more stressful than shopping to the sounds of screaming and crying kids,most of us have experienced this with our own. I'm not sure who it's more stressful for the parents or the shoppers lucky enough to get out without their own fussy brood.
"You just be yourself pet. You've come to long a way to sell yourself cheaply.
I added some cool masculine brads and some baker's twine (you know how I LOVE baker's twine). That's it.
1/4 c cucumber, finely diced
Matisse
When I let my heart speak
There will be a few more days of clean up as I close out my email and spruce up the blog roll.
“Why didn’t she just tell you that she had an accident and broke the bank?” asked Jade.
13. Minnie The Moocher
Injury worries over Kenwyne Jones (who may have a hamstring injury) and Ryan Shotton (who played on with an injury in extra time). Jones seems the worst and could be out for a few weeks, hopefully not and he’s back for next week.
The bad event was, as most people reading this will know, my sister-in-law passing away Nov. 10th due to complications from a surgery she had. Saying its been hard on the family I think is an understatement even if we all look ok on the surface.
All the kids were engaged in playing for the whole period. Some of them asked "Can we play this again?" which blew my mind. I intended to do an exit assessment but didn't, so I'll give it to them at the beginning of class tomorrow and see what they retained. If I made new games, I would make the Statement Cards a different color from the T/F cards for easier sorting. It also needs an awesome, catchy name! But I haven't thought of anything worthy yet.
Also if you have any destination suggestions please post that in a comment as well, we need someplace fun to visit for February :)
month of: april
I'm also ready to build a snow dinosaur with my nephew Owen.
Me again
Under ORS 471.565, you can sue the establishment that served the drunk driver alcohol (assuming there was one) by filing a Dram Shop Notice within 180 days.
She really touched the right note when it comes to my own artistic endeavors. More often than not, when I get to work on something, I start with the question, "I wonder if I can even do this?"
with steel-trap
THE FARMER: with smaller hook
The theatre show - Mr Stink, by David Walliams - came with a scratch and sniff booklet. The action centered around a really smelly tramp, so nearly every scent inside was utterly hideous. The children waved them in delight.
109. Lay predebut and @SWC
Other supplies used: Spellinder stars die, stickes, walnut distress ink, heart crystal hanging from the moon and a button and brad from my stash, and I used copics to color my images: E21, E00, E000, R20, E55, E53, E51, Y000, B91, B000, B0000.
For all his gleaming smiles, grandfatherly hand gestures, and folksy sound bites, tomorrow night, when crowd cheers the retired terrorist in the gaudy shirt, they would do best not to focus too closely upon his much admired legacy, as they might just find that the Xhosan Emperor has no clothes. For Nelson Mandela's lasting achievement is that, in the face of a world wishing him well, he, and the party he leads, have shown the world that, for all its flaws, Apartheid was a more benign system than what replaced it, and that the average South African was immeasurably better off under the hated white rule than they are under the alternative which black rule has created.
It never fails that whenever I go off the grid for a bit, the galaxy gets all atilt. In clearing my browser tabs today, here’s hope that Teh Stupid isn’t as catching as the lung fracturing virus.
This morning, I just got out of bed and said "GO RUN. Just GO" - I had to talk myself into it while I was laying there about to wake up - good thing my running clothes and shoes had been sitting by my bed for 5 days in preparation. And away I went. I need to turn the fear OFF. The minor aches weren't what was keeping me inside...it was the FEAR of re injury. I have found that has kept me from running before.... or the fear that people will think a slow overweight older lady has no business in a race or calling herself a runner.
Servant of God- for the people for God for his praise and glory. Listens, sees, hears, obeys, follows and leads, reads and gains wisdom, reports to/for God, sees with the Spirit and identifies with Jesus/God.
She's here and we're so very happy!
“I don’t have a specific goal, but as I’m free in music and I myself am music and dance -I wish to be that kind of person. And I wish I could be a being who gives hope to people.”
“And ye shall be unto me a kingdom of priests, and an holy nation.”
Any ideas how it got to be June already? Eeek, what happened to May? And April, too, for that matter? The good news with it being June already is that it's time for a brand-new Sketch For You To Try! This month, our sponsor is Stamping Bella! I'm super excited because on my mental list of images I wish I had more time to stamp with, my Bellas would be at or very near the top!
By the same brilliant ladies. Siblings Without Rivalry won't necessarily stop the kids from fighting over the remote, but it provides fascinating insight into family dynamics that can help you minimize the bigger conflicts and make everyone feel appreciated for who they are, without comparison or favor. Big ticket stuff.
The dough can be used for cinnamon rolls, add lemon zest and nutmeg to the dough and roll out into one or two rectangles, spread with butter, brown sugar and cinnamon. Add some raisins if you want. Bake at 400 degrees until lightly browned. Top with a powdered sugar glaze.
My bipolar disorder is a blessing and a curse at the same time. Though it has wreaked havoc in my life, it has also made it impossible for me to tolerate intolerable situations, it makes it necessary to follow my heart. I can't fake my way through it like everyone else. I am constitutionally incapable of it. I wonder if that make sense? My weakness is my stregnth.
A lot of people object to the strange little monster seen in the laboratory, but I think it’s a marvelous addition to the picture! I’m also pretty fond of the piranha fish themselves, who seem whipped up into such a frenzy that you’re afraid they’ll just wiggle themselves into a heart attack or a stroke! And they make a funny noise:
Paul: Do you mean the black marks on the parchment?
No matter what the circumstance, God is still there. He has not moved. The question is, “Are you there with Him?”
On January 27, 1967, Grissom was killed in a suspicious space capsule fire. Before his body was cold, federal agents invaded his home and seized Grissom’s personal records and diary.[81]
Some will eye the huge blackened pot
I finished quilting the 2 quilts I posted earlier. I'm pleased how they turned out. Just wished I had time to get the binding sewn down but that will have to wait till I go to the beach house.
So just as I am learning to embrace my seasonal challenges I am going to embrace some other change as well.
GRUMPY
Making it to the semi-finals and beating Real, who had recently beaten Barcelona, are among Bayern’s achievements in the past month. Bayern has placed themselves in a terrific position to win the Tournament and claim the title of top team in the world. Chelsea will also suffer from the loss of their Center Back and Captain, John Terry, due to a red card received in the 35th minute of the game. Missing the guidance and scoring ability of veteran striker Didier Drogba may also hurt them. Because of these facts and missing key and influential players, I believe that Bayern Munich led by Veterans Frank Ribery, Mario Gomez and Arjen Robben, will win the Champions League against Chelsea.
If you are joining the challenge please blog about it and if you want to appear in my Capsule Wardrobe Challenge round-up the following week then please email your pics to workthatwardrobe@googlemail.com
it’s pretty good. the story’s alright and the art is great so shounen lovers should read this!
Sorry, Almondine. It's not you, it's me. Just kidding, it's definitely you. Subtle prettiness aside, the formula (at least in my bottle) was really difficult. And if I'm going to deal with a difficult color, I much prefer that it's a color I can't live without.
Or, Why I Will Feel like a Failure Every Spring
How do you find your people?
Eyeshadow: Liquid Glaze-Purple – *Boom*
So today the entire design team is back with an addition set, requested by many Lil' Inker Designs customers, to the Sentiment Flag set. This one, appropriately titled, is called Sentiment Flag Additions and is available for purchase along with all the products released this week in the Lil' Inker Designs store now! This new set can be purchased as a set, which includes the newly released stamp set & dies or each part can be purchased individually as well.
While reading Centauri Twilight, I noticed several things about this book. The lack of editing makes this one a hard read. It seems it could use another run. At times in the book it's hard to follow because the point of view changes between the characters. I do believe parts of the book feel rushed. The beginning battle when Anton finds Lara was too easy. I was hoping to see some type of struggle or battle. There wasn't one. When Lara and Anton go back to Delaz City to over take the king, this too felt rushed. I think the book could have been longer if some of these details were added in, therefore making this a much more enjoyable book.
A wolf might have been a far to kind of beast as Jack gained an all together sense of over familiarity over a spoonful of cordial words but she hadn't lived all her days to be unflapped by the likes of such blue eyed flappers taking up her space. Branding her 'Mattie Dear' felt absurdly intrusive for such an early mile but she humored Sundance for what little it was worth, “Because I’m sure we’re going to get to all the small talk at some point. Might as well be now so at least I can read my stories.” Jack smiled a glint of well rehearsed amusement balanced with sincere favor having always been impressed by the direct route. Mattie peered forward letting her eyes drift along the swirls of blue, red, and yellow swirling patterns adorning the industrial strength fabric covering the headrests. She traced along the paths and riding rainbow waves to amuse herself sinking into her the back of her mind. Preparing to half ignore “Jack” at the first hint of an obvious answer pulled from the stereotype dull drums; actor, model, personal designer/party planner, or worse yet one of those medication reps who offer up a hint of charm and sex to prospective doctors. There might even have been a
And if it’s true that I have hurt him much, I want to ask for forgiveness through my sincere act of apology. I want to get out from this chain of spell. And if there is a chance to meet him, I will. I would rather not send him a message or call him now, I just want to meet him and talk things out personally. Hug him tight as I ask for sorry.
Maybe he wants something far simpler, something much deeper, than our performance, our attempts at trying to be good little boys and girls for Him. Maybe He just wants us to believe Him when He says, “I love you.” and let our hearts flutter like giddy school girls whose worlds have just been turned upside down—forever.
It's your typical thing
Please let them learn to serve you always in thought and deed.
not to mention all of the everyday tasks we already have as wives, mothers, daughters and friends.
I’m not afraid of anything at the gym.
Here's the deal on self defense. You have to be prepared everywhere, all the time. Laws that abridge your ability to do so are probably immoral and are definitely wrong-headed. There were 23 cops at this concert to keep order, and this still happened. There are all kinds of laws against what was done, but it still happened.
I started with Meijer since that is where I got The Original. But Meijer didn’t carry them anymore. So I went to Target and Home Goods. I even dared the scary peopleofwalmart but nothing.
You’re there to share the wonderful things you discover.
I’ve written about all sorts in the past couple of months… Some of my personal favourite posts are:
Deckard goes into Isidore's empathy box and two weeks later comes out of the empathy box at his home with a real turtle. Once his wife sees he's alive they talk about Mercerism a bit and wrap up the plot. Buster Friendly revealed Mercer to be an actor (I'm going out of order here sorry this was earlier). At the end Deckard's wife says Buster Friendly presented android parts belonging to Deckard, telling the world that Luna Luft's killer was Deckard, an andy. So Deckard is off the hook.
so tight that it makes me whole face scrunch,
I really love the space and the rugs really do warm everything up. I knew I was going to get some great rug inventory, I but I was blown away by the beauty, quality, and variety (think ABC Carpet and Home in NYC). These rugs are REAL antiques.
I was a bus girl at Roosters and worked under four different waitresses that were all thin bottle blondes with skin like stale vinyl. They cursed and smoked in the hall between the restrooms and the cigarette vending machine. Roosters had a gravel parking lot and a corrugated metal roof, but was one of the nicest restaurants in the county. It had two rooms for customers: the main dining room with a grand piano on a stage in the middle and linens and candles on the tables, and the bar area, which had a black lounge singer named Georgette who a voice like velvet in surround sound. I like working the bar because Southerns like to get soused and when they get soused they have a hard time counting out an appropriate tip. Course I only got 10% of whatever the waitresses got, but I'd make out with a good hundred bucks on a Friday or Saturday night.
First off - can I say sorry for being absent.
Dora's voice took on a definite edge. "That doesn't answer the question, Rel."
The year started off with a big decision. I first fell in love with endurance sports in early 2009. Later that same year, I also fell in love with Brazilian Jiu Jitsu and mixed martial arts! For a year and a half(August 2009-February 2011) I managed to juggle both. In late 2010 I came to realize that not only was it going to be very costly to continue both, but I was failing to reach my maximum potential in either because my time was split between the two! While it was a hard decision, you’ve probably figured out that I decided to stick with endurance sports! Check out part 1 and part 2 of the decision process!
I spent quite a bit of time yesterday reading and watching videos and the sadness was dispelled often when I was reminded of the funny and fun loving side of him. At the bottom of this post is a photo he would probably have enjoyed very much.
Love will change its tune
Franky Goes to Hollywood Relax UK
I no longer know
So I'd end up doing the one thing I always ended up doing; watching ants in the garden. Wondering what they were thinking. IF they could think and if they could think, then wondering if they had names and families and what their homes looked like under the earth and if they had the ant-equivalent of furniture and shops and jobs. I'm a little surprised I never actually ended up being an Ant-iquarian with the unhealthy amount of ant-based interest I amassed during my formative years. And when my brother dropped his heavy boot on my little project, I'd become even more fascinated as I watched the little ants race about in astonished circles crying "oh my god, Dave's just been squished, quick, send for the Ant-bulance" (in my head, anyway) and then I’d be absolutely awe-struck as they overcame their confusion and rallied around Dave, lifting him high above their little ant-heads and off to the nearest operating theatre in their burrow/hive/warren. Actually, I’m not sure if I read it or dreamed it or saw something on the telly but I did hear somewhere that the ant kingdom is the only other species in the world that can perform life-saving surgery on their own kind.
It got me thinking, and I asked the nurse, "When I'm away, do I attack people or expose myself or do anything unpleasant like that?"
I helped get both feet out. Then a head in the right direction.
song, I like to feel I'm a man, not physically but in the areas they
We are so excited we've decided to give a couple packs away. So gives us a comment...tell us what you think and we will pick a couple winners!
Eventually, the best way of getting rid of pimples is to not let them happen at all. This involves keeping your face clean and wearing a make up which is less oily. Never ever keep make up overnight, wash it off with mild soap or a face wash.
3.Interview Skills So once you manage to bull earn your way to an interview, you’re going to have to answer questions and prove to your potential boss that you are worth their time and money. My best advice would be to go on YouTube.com and search “interview tips.” There are all sorts of good videos there. Here’s one I particularly liked that describes how to answer the “Tell me about yourself” interview question, which can be pretty overwhelming if you’re not prepared. Practice, practice, practice, and when you think you’ve had enough, practice. I don’t mean in front of your mirror; no, you need to practice your answers to your family, your roommates, your friends and your teachers. This isn’t to say they’ll know any better than you about what your interviewer is looking for, but repeated practice will give you confidence. That, my lovely reader, is the an important key to passing an interview.
Feb 3
I think she's cutting ANOTHER tooth. Seriously. 3 teeth in one week?! Last night was back to waking up every 20 minutes, and she just seemed so uncomfortable. I gave her some baby motrin and hoped it would help, but it took a while for her to get comfortable again. It looks like her top right tooth is coming in to join the other 2. I just hope it can pop through in lightning speed so she can go back to her lovely sleeping through the night. And honestly it's not even so much the lack of sleep that sucks, but the sound of her pain cry. It's just so sad and heartbreaking. I mean if you think about it, how horrifying must the pain of a tooth breaking through your gums be?! As adults we'd be percocet-ing it up, I'm sure.
PS: Again, as I always tell my readers, even if I am a fan of something, try to get a sample of this before you splurge on it. Especially with mascara, the performance can vary a lot from person to person!
In reality, any employer that adopts a policy of forced retirement age is almost certain to get sued over it at some point and will have absolutely no guarantee of winning. it is a high risk strategy and only employers who feel they have a compelling case for retirement should even consider such an approach. For most employers and employees, forced retirement at a set age is a thing of the past.
The general plot line surrounding the film is two rookie cops who go undercover as high school students to bust the cool kids who are selling a new synthetic drug. During Jenko’s and Schmidt’s return to high school their roles switch. Jenko who was once the popular jock is now the science nerd and Schmidt who was the geeky loser is now the big man on campus. Throughout the movie their friendship and career are tested and they are forced to confront their worst enemy…high school. At the end we see that friendship conquers all.
All I want to say is: Anyone who wants to put a display on a courthouse lawn, please examine your motives first. Look inside yourself, and be honest. Are you trying to proselytize? To ridicule? If so, you’re a douchebag.
In Britain, I got a passport saying F as soon as I changed my name. My GP had to write to the passport agency saying I intended to live female life long. In Australia I read one can get a passport marked M, F or X for indeterminate; X is not open to transgender people, but that will come. The US has dropped the surgery requirement for giving a correct gender marker on the passport.
"I'll try not to," she said.
Not because of the paperwork (although I am prone to the odd meltdown when faced with anything administrative).
It makes me sad - but I know I will be back one day.
Nor shall my sword sleep in my hand
'Cheryl, it's your go. Roger added his letters to 'ate'. He made oscitate,' Beatrice said, proudly. Stifling a yawn, I refused to ask what it meant.
Mordecai is just being a good citizen, because God has placed him under the rule of Ahasuerus’ government. Therefore he reports the matter to the proper authorities and it is found out that this is an actual plot to do harm to the king.
Take a look at the second line of text on this page. I had made a mistake so I covered it with another piece of that painted, recycled book and rewrote the words. When an eraser won't work, figure something else out. There's always a way to 'fix' a problem! And, because I can't let anything go, the grid lines on this page are the tiny bits of torn off paper left because I had wanted torn edges on the page in yesterday's post.
I remember this inconvenient moment of clarity that I had in law school. It was during on-campus interviewing season, which, by the way, is grueling. If you earn yourself a spot in the top x% of your class, you get the privilege of going on 20-50 interviews in one or two week’s time. Going through that process teaches you a lot about a lot of things. For me, the sheer exhaustion led to a moment of clarity, which unfortunately came in the middle of an interview.
(4) Trim off the right-hand side margin from page 2.
The scriest of all zombies are the retro zombies. They spread out fast and have a mean chompy bite.
First paragraph:
c) gens 'family' - because only the genuine members of the family could inherit.
Haha I guess I love pasta and vegan cheese sauce, but this recipe of Angela’s was also a favourite – I have actually made this four times since she posted it, and I always make double the sauce amount and freeze half of it for a future date. That way the time-consuming part (making the sauce) is already done, so a quick pasta dinner is really just that – a quick pasta dinner! And it freezes just fine.
Is The Ice Pirates funny at all, then? There is ONE scene at the end where everyone, good guys and bad guys, end up fighting on their spaceship as it goes through a time warp, and everyone rapidly ages and time passes in fits and lurches while people sprout ridiculously long gray/white hairdos, babies get born, age and become old enough to join in the fray, robots get beaten up, repair themselves and get upgrades and everyone runs around like a Benny Hill sketch. THAT much is funny, but it doesn't last nearly as long as it should to make up for the deadeningly brain-numbing stupidity we witnessed before.
There were so many things about Buster that were incredible to us — despite his very common name, he was anything but a common dog. He was a big dog, a mix of two breeds with scary reputations. But wherever he went he made friends — both canine and human. He was never in a real fight in his life, and while he always stood ready to protect his yard and his house, he also loved to climb up on the sofa and lie with his head in my lap.
Really sorry all for being awol for so long – I had some work issues to sort and just needed some time away. Also one of my work colleagues discovered my blog which made me consider closing it L Anyway if you are reading colleague – please don’t tell anyone that this is me. I would appreciate that. K x
corriander leaves few
When lovely woman wants a favor,
bloody no God,
From 1670 to 1760, the Abenaki were considered by the Jesuits to be "the guardian angels" of their francophone colonies. They were at the perimeters and outposts of the settlements and outposts of New France, and suffered every time the British set out with their troops to conquer the territory. The Abenaki acted as a buffer, delaying the British long enough for the French to organise a counter-attack. During these colonial wars the Abenaki paid a heavy price. At the end of the wars, many Abenaki returned to the part of their homeland now occupied by the naissant USA. Others settled permanently at Odanak and Bécancour (W8linak). In 1812 they took up arms again on the side of the British, while the US fought on the side of the francophone colonists during the events of 1837.
The kids' pictures face-down
Sadly this was a short lived affair, we turned up 5 minutes before they were closing (which to be honest was something like 07:25pm!) so we didnt really get to take much in. There was also a rabble of 'boystrous' children clambering everywhere when we got in there too so we dashed in, grabbed our goodies and went with haste! Again, it was small in here and not much room, but it still looked so inviting in there. We got 4 little cupcakes :)
Well, first I slept in. Which was AWESOME.
Zaxby the dog is sitting looking out the window waiting for a car, any car, to drive by so she can bark at it.
John Vincent McKee (Con) 376
Only age statements on labels count. If the producer tells you the age of something, but it's not on the label, well, let's just say that's not the same thing.
Lands: 24
Some of the people in my group seemed quite knowledgeable about street art; I did not fall into that category, and I said as much when we went around the circle to introduce ourselves. I let the group know that I had purchased my camera for my most recent trip and was still working to improve my photography skills. Other people just came for the fun of it. Interestingly enough, there was a mixture of both DSLRs and iPhone cameras.
As the slithering reptile intended.
Arcadia Big Dick’s Old Ale; Battle Creek, Michigan, Old Ale, 8% abv
And each man fixed his eyes before his feet.
Dost Mohammad said the contractor had apparently sold off the fuel first.
in my mother's ability
Marquee tools (M) are used to create rectangular or elliptical selections, including selections that are “single row” (one pixel tall, stretching across the entire width of the document) and “single column” (one pixel wide, tretching through the entire height of the document).
Hope you like it as much as I did. And thanks for your comments. Be inspired!
If you only had one sales representative per region, you weren't a proper publisher.
later that evening, i returned to take her home.
Annie Whitehead - Trombone & Mouth
Mary computed quickly.
Asap Twelvy – Our World
There is something exuberant about the right peplum (the wrong kind just brings to mind Pat Butcher in a saloon bar). In skilled hands the right peplum can accentuate boyish hips, create the illusion of a hand-span waists and mask less-than-flat tummies, making it very much the go-to post-Christmas-gym-not-quite-kicked-in-yet item. Shortly there will plenty to choose from. Thakoon, Jason Wu, Acne, Dries van Noten, Peter Pilotto and Osman are just some of the designers who’ve taken it up. Preen added them to the waistbands of trousers. Dior, under the current helm of designer Bill Gaytten, has revived the 1947 Bar jacket again. At Celine, Phoebe Philo designed a large detachable peplum belt, which, brilliantly, works over skirts, trousers and even dresses and, not so brilliantly, costs £750. It will probably get copied though – just as all the more straightforward peplums have been. Zara has an especially chic looking black peplum skirt for £49.99 (on their website they’re calling it, prosaically, Skirt with Frill).
And makes a welcome of indifference.
It drags her everywhere
barking shrill at passing cop;
The fact is the only thing that we are working towards in life is our own happiness and growth.
1. Must be chic
So, New Years resolution? Not really because I plan on starting today! In this very moment! I've never been good at waiting!
Wait, not I'm not. I adore these kids
The Second Doctor, Jamie and Zoe were such a brilliant team. Zoe was so cute and sassy. She is pretty useful and effective in this story. You have to feel for Jamie, however, he is patronised mercilessly through this story by both the Doctor and Jamie. Though he does get a good comeback, stating the obvious fact that they will die of thirst before they drift into orbit around the sun.
MyFoxChicago reports Hayes told police he decided to attack his victim because he is angry over the death of Trayvon Martin. Hayes said he chose his victim because he is white.
Queen & Co - rhinestones, yellow
The Village at Lake Las Vegas and Buckbean Brewing Company, the largest production microbrewery in Nevada, will host Brew’s Best Hand-Crafted Beer Festival Saturday, March 13, from 2 p.m. to 8 p.m. Taster kits are available for $25, which include 30 sampling tickets and a souvenir tasting mug. All proceeds will benefit local charity New Vista Community.
Whew, now that the NBA playoffs have begun to overlap the NHL it’s hard to keep up with everything. I picked a good game to not pay attention to last night (Kings-Blues). That was due to the monster doubleheader that TNT provided last night, how can you say no to Heat-Knicks and then Thunder-Mavs? You can’t! (though I will admit as the Heat game hit the 5 minute mark Rangers-Caps made its way onto my main TV).
Saturday evening, on my way home, I received a text from Albert: ‘Can’t wait to cuddle up with you later! xxx’. Albert had been away for a few days, staying with his parents, and I assumed, because of our arrangement, that he might try to get laid. The arrangement was that we were both free to sleep with others, as long as we used protection and didn’t bring anyone home.
I can make sure that you are actually following.
To go with the lightness of the chiffon cake, I filled it and covered it with cream that I whipped up with cocoa powder and sugar. Then I dusted the top with more cocoa powder, and decorated it with some whole coffee beans. Hope you enjoyed it K and C!
- 2nd: Played games at my aunt Shaneen's house with the family. -
As part of Songsmith, SAFE will be hosting The TLC Raffle (Travel, Love and Comfort). Three themed packages, each valued at close to or over $1000, will be up for grabs! You do not have to be present to win and raffle tickets are available at SAFE’s Attic and Attic Interiors stores.
The thing about Brussels is that in true Belgian fashion of individualism, people built what THEY wanted. And whatever was in their best interests. So to be able to appreciate the grandeur is hard - there are no rows of beauty like the circus in Bath, or the rows of stunning architecture in London.
Border Radio
Henri drives the entire time. Between breaks and the creation of the new documents, it takes about thirty hours. I spend most of the time napping or playing video games. Because of my reflexes, I can master most of the games quickly. The longest it has taken me to beat any of them is about a day. I like the alien war and space games the best. I pretend I’m back on Lorien, fighting Mogadorians, cutting them down, turning them to ash. Henri thinks it’s weird and tries to discourage me from doing it. He says we need to live in the real world, where war and death are a reality, not pretend. As I finish my latest game, I look up. I’m tired of sitting in the truck. The clock on the dash reads 7:58. I yawn, wipe my eyes.
In the Bhakti tradition it is said that everyone has the responsibility to become a teacher, a guide, a selfless sharer of the essence they are finding. Understanding the real tools, the real apps, of our spiritual life and seeing their immense value in our daily life can help us to become givers of the Divine, of God’s reality. It can bring us to the simplicity of our being, and allow us to give the ultimate sophistication.
A couple weeks ago, Dude and I went to a local county fair and walked around the buildings that hold all those businesses hawking their wares. You know the ones: waterless cookware, ginsu knives, vacuums, jewelry, Avon, Tastefully Simple, etc. Out of the corner of my eye I saw one of those slushie machines you see at gas stations and some bars. Vino Frappe. I so had to sample that! Tasty, tasty is all I can say. They had a special going on so I got two bags and giddily skipped out of the building in search of junk food-found that too.
While searching for Chaney, the reader learns a bit about the backgrounds of Cogburn and LaBoeuf. Cogburn is 40-ish and fought alongside Jesse and Frank James under Capt. Quantrill in the Civil War. Quantrill was known for the war crimes he committed against civilian populations, and it is hinted that Cogburn might have been involved in one of the worst at Lawrence, Kansas. His work history after the war involved a variety of trades and illicit activities. He became a Federal Marshal after an employer brought him up on charges in Reno. The Marshal there recognized Cogburn from their youth and got him a job. LaBoeuf, on the other hand, was too young to get involved in the war until the very end, missing out on any important action, much to his disappointment. LaBoeuf has a glorified view of the war and fighting, which is perhaps easier to have when you haven’t seen the fighting. He remarks that he nearly cried when he heard the war was over. He is disgusted by Cogburn’s past (riding with Quantrill) and by his current behavior — siding with Mattie against him and engaging in excessive drinking.
06 Physical Sex
No ice cream?
Whereas the Chinese Financials, CHIX, suffered credit deleveraging from falling copper and simply the mild onset of credit tightening, the US Banks, KRE, and Investment Bankers, KCE, suffered credit deleveraging from awareness that a default union had formed in Europe, VGK, and from awareness that the end of the investment age and the end of the floating currency age, has arrived. The turn lower in Leveraged buyouts, PSP, Junk Bonds, JNK, High Dividend Income, ABCS, and subprime automobile lender, NICK, reflects the beginning of the end of credit. The sharp downturn in Financials, XLF, has deleveraged the US Small Caps, IWM, which are critically dependent upon credit for financing of payroll, replenishing inventory, and restocking inventory.
Today, I love that I can look at my babies! The little guy on the first row will be 20 years old next week and graduating from college next month.
Bible Story - The Good Samaritan Luke 10:30-37
What I did:
“We call it the Soul Camera – and it’s long overdue,” Takiro Nakamura, of Sonaco Electronics, which introduced the camera at an international trade show in Tokyo, told me exclusively............ Read More.......
“We have brought together the best talent available in Vancouver and Europe to create a truly world class project that will enrich not only the particular neighborhood, but also the city and its quest to become creative, sustainable and affordable city. Architecturally, the Beach and Howe tower will introduce a new building typology to the Vancouver skyline and will create a dramatic gateway to downtown Vancouver that speaks to the emerging creative economy in the city”, Ian Gillespie, President, Westbank.
It got me thinking.
2. Get It Goin' On
It doesn’t matter whose fault it is. The fault clearly lies with the people who would harass, threaten and stalk a young girl. But the fact of the matter is, their actions have become her reality…a reality that she had the power to walk away from at any point. Now that Kiki is 18, it is up to her to make that decision or not. But when she was 13, when she was 15, when she was 17, it was up to her parents. As guardians, we must protect our children. It’s not our fault when things go wrong. That has nothing to do with the fact that things sometimes do go wrong and it is our responsibility above all else, beyond the blame game, to protect our children. If we don’t, many times, no one will.
They are quite delicious, just add a sprinkle to fish or steak just before serving, hence the name Finishing Salts I guess.
A thought provoking book. I would imagine it would be hard to be angry at a comatose-dying spouse, even for infidelity. This was what was going through Matt's mind. So what did he do? He loved and respected his wife, Joanie, enough to seek out her lover figuring that would be what she wanted. Then off he goes with his unruly daughters to bring the man to Joanie. Finds out that the lover had a riding on Matt's decision to sell his incredibly huge inherited land and something more personal. This, along with the adventure of having to personally invite Joanie's close friends to visit her to say their goodbyes and prepare to be a single parent was quite a feat for Matt.
This chapter is about learning how to help your child overcome apraxia of speech in a natural environment: your home and community.
if he only brings a holiday sweater
have to ask gagarin when i see him. or laika.
He writes: “JMU has provided me the opportunity to personally tailor my undergrad education. The opportunities on this campus are endless. Even when an opportunity didn’t exist here, JMU facilitated me in opening new doors. Prior to attending this university I often conceded to educational challenges. JMU made me realize that if you put in the effort and accept help when needed, you will be successful.”
I was very skeptical of the second point. Physical therapy? Again? I’ve been to physical therapy – they give me exercises that I can (& usually do, for a while at least) at home, then have me keep coming back to do the same damn thing there instead of at home, just so they can watch me, all the while with me paying $35 each time. No thanks.
Brené Brown says that making connections with other people is why we're here. Also to enjoy ice cream and cookies, but treats weren't part of Brené's study. She says to allow connections with other people, you have to allow yourself to be seen, and for deeper connections really seen, which leaves you wide open and vulnerable, sometimes excruciatingly so. Cuz like, what if they notice your flaws? I totally have this weird freckle on my back. What if someone sees it and gets all judgey? But it's not just being seen physically; it's revealing who you are inside as a person. For instance, how did those insanely bizarre fetishes come about? Who instilled them into you, and was he ever prosecuted? And why have you embraced them as your go-to means of, you know, satisfaction?
Publisher: How's the edit on that John/Jane Smith book?
John Charles Jenkins, 45, Cambridge, Mass.
Medicine is called a practice for a reason. Every patient is different. Every test result and symptom different. Rarely are there ever absolutes, and verdicts like this assume that there can be.
Let me pause here to say, that of everyone in the hospital that day, this technician was the only person who was insensitive, heartless and cold. In the documents I received prior to the examinations that day, it was said that I could ask the technician for results of the examinations, and that she would be able to reveal them in a limited way.
the ones where i am more alone and more found than ever.
I still had to add what seemed another 15 minutes before I got served in this busy bar, better stocked with Belgian beers than all other places I have seen in Britain so far. But then the fun could finally start- as there are some real gems on the menu, beers that are difficult to get across even in Belgium.
Our competitors tax us. And we don't tax them.
3. The worse a designated minority or non-Western group behave, the more their behavior must be blamed on white racism. (source)
Also something I had to experience in the first person: the turkey leg sandwich and cocktail menu at Henry Public. Life-changer, guys. Inspired by their Beecher's Tonic, I dusted off a bottle of Pimm's from the cavernous depths of my parents' liquor cabinet (do real people even have designated Liquor Cabinets anymore?) when I was home on the farm the other weekend and recreated it. Pimm's is usually a summer drink, but served with cider and muddled tarragon? My god, the wintertide magic is almost too wonderful; one must have at least two. Or three. And so a post about post-Neo-Feminism ends with an aside about drinking, but I wouldn't have it any other way. I think Meg would toast to that. Hope you had a good weekend.
Starbucks Seattle Latte
Gary Dorsch in 321 Gold gives explanation of the price decline in copper. On July 27 Xia Bin, an influential member of the PBoC, told the People’s Daily newspaper that monetary policy should stay relatively tight in the foreseeable future to help tackle inflation. “China should gradually make real bank deposit rates positive and continue to use open market operations and bank reserve requirements to slow money supply,” he said. Bin’s remarks spooked traders in both the Shanghai copper and red-chip markets. Another reason cited for the surprising -35% drop in copper prices to its lowest in 14-months, is the rebound in the value of the US-dollar, against a basket of six currencies. A strong US dollar makes copper and other commodities more expensive for holders.
Hard to believe that it is time to list Christmas decorations - but, it is - so, I did! I like to save all the holiday items that I find throughout the year and list them all in the same week. It's like my annual Christmas party for the business :)
What's on my mind, you ask? Roses.
Its just harder to see.
I really admire the style of artists such as Roben-Marie Smith, Donna Downey and Traci Bautista. I like their wild and colourful freestyle attitude and as I said recently, it is a real chance for me to just play and express myself next to all the DT work.
Let’s start with Gene.
Little did I know, Jordan actually liked me too. Go figure. He would take me home every day from swim practice and cheer me on at meets. I would (try to) flirt with him and he would respond.
"Sure", I mumbled in my sleep-induced haze.
I want to explore “promo Indonesia” at my articles in bahasa Indonesia or english.
We also ate some, and it was pretty tasty! They crust was a little too thick, but the filling had a pleasant white chocolate flavour and the strawberries gave it a nice fresh taste, too! I did alter the recipe based on thoughts by eat me, delicious, who made it quite a while ago and thought that the white chocolate flavour was a little weak. All I did was increase the white chocolate by 2 ounces and decrease the whipping cream by 2 ounces. It worked out just fine!
a sensitivity to wheat.
5 previous
But maybe I’m being too harsh. What do you all think?
This got a slight laugh out of him. “Well, actually, in my line of business you become a little bit of everything, I guess.”
Yet he added: ‘After I had a day to sleep, I just sat there and said: ‘That’s perfect.”
I think I'm losing the idealist in me. And it's for that I cry.
We first practice History of EXO-K then talk about the plan while waiting for others then Practice again and vice versa.
Now i have to dash as ive a meeting to go to with Soph - with
Back in March, I returned to work at the pottery studio. I’ll pick up my recent work this week. Seeing the results of the glaze firing always makes me anxious, but if the pieces are decent *fingers crossed*, I’ll post the results.
Soft goat cheese, or if you prefer a melting Gruyere, or a soft blue....actually whatever cheese you like/have
2008 Fulke Walwyn Kim Muir Challenge Cup Handicap Chase, and Grade Two scorers Deep Purple and Simarian. In the 2009/10 season, Barizan emerged as a top-class juvenile hurdler, winning a Grade One at Punchestown after finishing second in both the JCB Triumph Hurdle and in the Matalan Anniversary 4-Y-O Hurdle at Aintree. Williams is assisted by top amateur James Tudor, who was champion point-to-point rider in 2007 and partnered High Chimes to his Cheltenham success. He is married to Cath who continued to train point-to- pointers after he took out his professional licence, saddling over 50 winners in two seasons including the prolific Cannon Bridge, who chalked up nine wins in a single campaign. They have three children William, Isabel and Ellie. Evan is the son of former amateur jockey
As widely publicised in the media today, the old Casanova, famed almost as much for his extra-marital romantic liaisons when in office as for his political achievements, was caught out by his wife yesterday during a public engagement in Correze.
This is going to get very interesting, as McDonalds has over 1,400 stores in Russia, and are not going to cut and run and will be forced to disclose on each and every product's container, what is in it, in very specific terms. Customers will finally get to know what poison the executives of McDonalds are feeding them and their children.
Not only will this be my first fancy party, but also my first chance to possibly get some contacts in the entertainment world. I did a little bit of research on this event Kim’s taking me to, and it seems the place will be brimming with artists of many forms, managers, and/or booking companies. Essentially, a party full of people I will want to know. Most importantly, there will be hors d’oeuvres.
On a more technical note, why did the kegs explode? The police said "carbon dioxide in the kegs"... well that doesn't help, all beer ought to have carbon dioxide in it. Kegs are rated to take more than 60 psig in pressure, but a filled keg really ought to not have more than 30 psig pressure, even in hot weather. Unless, of course, the temperature was very very hot. Or the beer was very over carbonated. Seems weird... the only time I've heard of kegs exploding are from drunken idiots throwing them on the fire or somebody hooking up an un-regulated beergas line to the gas-in (which would be like 2000-8000 psi instantly).
find your desire
When the guests arrive, relax and enjoy your party! Make sure someone's around with a camera so you'll have photos of the party. Try to follow your schedule, but don't stress if problems arise. Remember, parties are intended for having fun!
I held my sweet little W in my arms a little tighter. Thought about how I could get more time. I looked around the room and thought about how I could stay here. Sleep here. Stay with my boys.
Serenity in the image of coffins
sadly they have stopped doing the Sr. one.
Trading above 9,830 on Friday will bring more buyers into the ring, buy, I wish market should not close below 9,750, where I am expecting some hiding bears.
I'll be posting some of the new photos in a couple of days.
Now onto my projects. First up is a super quick and easy vintage inspired wedding card using the Fancy Frame stamp and die set. The set comes with a bunch of fabulous sentiments making it easy to whip up cards for any occasion in a few minutes!
By caring for the reality of the white race and for its very survival Romadanovsky was, of course, guilty of the greater crime, and the entire weight of the Russian state descended upon him.
fenders may be substituted. Rear fenders may not extend beyond
where I will appreciate art for the first time,
Oval All Stamp Set (Wood Mount only - 113790)
It's a minor inconvenience, but worth it to me. It's not just that I'm doing this to save 30 bucks, but rather it's a principle issue with how Amazon conducted business on this device. If you are like me and want to get what you thought you paid for, for the price you paid, then it's not a big deal at all.
I’ll never forget the time I committed a crime against all humanity. As punishment, I was sealed into a metal pod and launched into outer space to orbit a dead star for all eternity. I was provided with a lifetime supply of food and water but nothing else. No books, no music, nothing. I couldn’t even look out the window because there were no windows. I’ll freely admit I spent a lot of time masturbating in that pod but even that pastime had to be abandoned eventually. I had forgotten what women looked like. The closest thing I had for reference was me and I’m a man. I couldn’t even get anything going at half mast because I don’t fancy myself very much. Women didn’t fancy me much either back on Earth. I laughed upon realising the irony of that. I laughed pretty hard. Manically actually. To be honest, I was a cackling like a mad man. It was something to do.
(teehee)
The Heartland conferences have been too big for the media to ignore completely, though coverage has been spare and grudging. The conferences are also a morale booster for skeptics, who tend to be isolated and relentlessly assailed in their scattered outposts. It is worth adding that Heartland has always extended invitations to the leading “mainstream” figures to speak or debate at the conference, including Al Gore, NASA’s James Hansen, and senior officials from the U.N.’s Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change. (Heartland typically receives no response from such figures.)
School day breakfasts are tough. As a child I used to mix my own glass of chocolate milk with Nestle Quick and off I'd go. I've never liked cereal. That made sleepovers difficult because my friends' parents always wanted me to eat cereal. Or worse, hot cereal. There's nothing worse than porridge for breakfast. So I'm somewhat sympathetic to my girls who suffer from the same school day breakfast aversion I do.
You win some. You lose some. That’s the bookselling game. The object is to win more than you lose, and I aim to keep doing just that.
Before feeding the Five Thousand (John 6:5), Jesus turned to Philip and asked him, “Where can we buy bread to feed these people?” Philip answered, “It would take more than a year’s wages to buy each of them a mouthful.”
In the service industry, you're nothing without your customers. So bless them for saddling up at the bar and helping me pay my rent. But sometimes, the things customers say really crack me up. To the point where I question their thinking process. I mean really, it's just a drink.
5) Going through all that damned security.
I paused again, carefully considering what I should tell her as she snuggled deeper into me. It was the eve of her seventh birthday, but I had a feeling that even though she's just a little girl, this conversation was going to stick with her.
The range of choices is smaller,
What better way to celebrate the new millennium than by having a massive party in Stockholm and then declaring Denmark’s Olsen Brothers to be the cream of Europe? Fly on the Wings of Love was a worthy Eurovision winner because of its simplicity and honesty. No showy dance moves or distracting gimmicks, just two ugly old blokes having the time of their life with a couple of acoustic guitars. The lyrics are simple (as they have to be, really) as is the tune, but it’s catchy and memorable. Throw in the obligatory key change and a bit of funky robot style autotune (before it was in fashion – The Olsen Brothers really were the future of the music industry) and we have a winner. It united the arena crowd in glow-stick waving union, and romped home to victory by a clear 40 points.
The Mishnah (Hebrew: משנה, “repetition”, “to study and review”, also “secondary”), is the first major written redaction of the Jewish oral traditions called the “Oral Torah”. It is also the first major work of Rabbinic Judaism.
Since this is a 1950s Western, it’s a foregone conclusion that Brennan will triumph but it’s a fun ride getting through the rest of the movie because Boetticher and his crew throw in several interesting twists. The key character here, for me, is Usher, who isn’t a one-dimensional bad guy. Under normal circumstances, he and Brennan could have been friends. Usher treats his uneducated henchmen with contempt while engaging in meaningful conversation with Brennan about his dreams of having a ranch of his own. As played by the charismatic Boone, Usher comes off a sympathetic and even likeable villain, something of an oddity in a Hollywood film of that era.
I use YOSHIDA STYLE Ball Jointed Doll Making Guide to start this project. I had difficulty looking for it here in our country, I'm just super lucky that I have a friend in Japan who sell japanese stuff on facebook. She find one for me, although it's expensive, I didn't think twice to get it.
To finish out the story, I think my friend could have hooked up with one of the Cougars, but I mentioned how I may be the only black man not voting for Obama and the conversation turned political. Too bad about that one. I didn't help that the cute one started getting all emotional with some random rant about how she won't talk with guy who have not had tragedies in his life. Probably not the way to attract a man. Waitress, Check Please!
AW the Alchemist said that El Capitan was with him in the tunnel.
I've got @ $30 invested in the 6 collections I used. I've already created this one great layout and have not even scratched the creative possibilities these collections still contain.
Don't get me started on stances. Having a traditional karate background, my stances were far too long and wide for the liking of the Sensei's at the seminar.
Sorry about that. However, in the meantime, I do just feel like a slacker. A failure. Even though I'm NOT failing. I'm just stalled. I KNOW I'm not failing. But that old black sludge just keeps bubbling up and trying to tell me I am. So... like Tinkerbell needing claps and "I do believe in fairies" to stay alive... help the Slacker out a little here. Just remind me that progress takes time and as long as I keep looking forward and not back, I'll eventually reach my intended destination.
Political Correctness can reach absurd levels. Early in June 2006, Canadian police arrested a group of men suspected of planning terror attacks. The group was alleged to have been “well-advanced on its plan” to attack a number of Canadian institutions, among them the Parliament of Canada, including a possible beheading of the Prime Minister, and Toronto’s subway. However, the lead paragraph of newspaper Toronto Star’s story on the arrests was: “In investigators’ offices, an intricate graph plotting the links between the 17 men and teens charged with being members of a homegrown terrorist cell covers at least one wall. And still, says a source, it is difficult to find a common denominator.” Royal Canadian Mounted Police Assistant Commissioner Mike McDonell said that the suspects were all Canadian residents and the majority were citizens. “They represent the broad strata of our community. Some are students, some are employed, some are unemployed,” he said. However, there was one common denominator for the suspects that wasn’t mentioned: They were all Muslims. The front page article in the New York Times (June 4), too, was a study in how to avoid using the dreaded “M” word. The terrorist suspects were referred to as “Ontario residents,” “Canadian residents,” “the group,” “mainly of South Asian descent” or “good people.” Everything conceivable, just not as “Muslims.”
porque siempre voy 'callao':
Price: $7.50
Choice B: Continue to lose the battle over jeans vs me.
Wombat Girl was keen. Video Boy not so much (surprise!). We visited my Mum to scam craft supplies that I didn't have (beading needle, embroidery cotton etc). I visited Spotlight to pick up felt and beads. And we were set.
88. During holiday season, take a drive and view the lights
Here’s to the hurricane that threw us both to different skies,
The team has been utterly dominant as it has only lost six sets all year and never more than one set in a match. It’s been awe-inspiring.
While salmon farmers have discounted Morton’s concerns saying that sea lice are also found in the wild, at the first sign of an outbreak, they add the pesticide emamectin benzoate to the feed. According to officials, the use of pesticides should pose no problem for consumers since Canadian rules demand that pesticide use be stopped 25 days before harvest to ensure all residues are flushed from the fish.
I do not know and will never understand the emotional and psychological forces that lead someone to rape. I will never comprehend the hubris and helplessness that lead someone to abuse. And the notion of someone choosing to have sex with a child, regardless of what twisted pathways in their brains lead them to the act, is so far outside my framework of what is right and what is wrong that just thinking about it leaves me empty inside with an overriding sense that there is more evil in the world than I allow myself to think about.
It's hard to price these things, but I'd like to hear your thoughts in terms of interest and what kind of budget you'd assign to this.
Shiner Bock has been brewed at this brewery since 1913, but used to be a seasonal beer for Lent. (Huh? Keep reading...) Today Bock makes up 80% of all the beer sold by Spoetzl, who used to keep their business within a 70 mile range, but now are actively growing distribution. They just started appearing in parts of Missouri.
This summer I’ll be spending a lot of time outside and away from my beloved computer with friends and being social with board games and great conversations.
Level 30: MP Cost: 32, Damage: 360%, Number of Attacks: 4, 40% to inflict darkness on the enemy and lower it’s accuracy by 30% for 100 seconds. The last attack is critical.
It struck me Saturday morning as I was driving the final hour into Royal Oak, Michigan that it was only about 10 miles from downtown Detroit. Unfortunately, I had a slight queasy moment in my stomach thinking what am I doing here. Detroit is known for a mass exodus of people that has been going on for years, and the stark contrast of the city against the skyline wasn't doing my thoughts of this place any favors.
This project reminded me of the Serpentine Gallery Pavilion…the annually commissioned architectural series every Summer in Kensington Gardens in London, UK. They examine and tackle very similar notions as regards the interplay of public spaces and the creative realm, again creating a flexible-use event space. This year Herzog & de Meuron and contemporary Chinese artist Ai Weiwei will create the twelfth commission, the world’s first and most ambitious architectural programme of its kind. I’ve just realised I will get to see this when I am back in the UK in June. Can’t wait. I love hanging out here in the Summer months. The Pavilion will take visitors beneath the Serpentine’s lawn to explore the hidden history of its previous Pavilions. Eleven columns characterising each past Pavilion and a twelfth column will support a floating platform roof 1.5 metres above ground. Taking an archaeological approach, the architects have created a design that will inspire visitors to look beneath the surface of the park as well as back in time across the ghosts of the earlier structures. You can see Ai Weiwei’s influence here…the need to reference the historical past of the project versus the contemporary perspective…there always has to be a past reminder as such. Where we have come from to where we are going to…
I said, "Driver, how fast can you drive?
"Killgorey. This is the Cill-gabhra with which one, if not more than one, of our earliest Irish Saints was identified. The Martyrologies of Donegal and Tallaght, at June 24th, have 'Lon of Cill Gabhra.' In the List of the Bishops of Kildare, as given in the Red Book of the Earl of Kildare, two bishops are named as having preceded St. Conlaeth in that See, the first of whom was called Lony. As Cill Gabhra was in the immediate vicinity of Sletty, the learned author of Loca Patriciana considers that Lon or Lonius may be identified with Lonan, the son of Dubhtach the Druid, who, like his brother, was associated for a time with their cousin St. Fiacc. He thus would be one of the Four true Druids supposed to be referred to in the famous Bilingual Inscription at Killeen Cormac - (See Loca Patr. Pt. IV.) Again, at September the 3rd, the Mart. of Donegal records St. Lonn or Loman Coisfin, i.e. of the white leg, of Cill Gaghra, Mairghe. There is a curious story related of his refusal to lend his books to St. Columba; this is referred to in the scholium in the Martyrology: "It is said that the book-satchels of Erinn and the Gospels, and the Lesson Books of the students fell from their racks on the night of Lon-Garadh's death, so that no person should understand them as Longaradh used to understand them. A very ancient vellum book states that Lon-garadh, in his habits and life, was like to Augustine, who was very wise." The Feilire of Aengus, at 3rd Sept., has: "Longarad, a delightful sun." Upon which the gloss in the Leaghar Breac comments: i.e. in Sleib Mairghe, or in Mag Tuathat in Offaly. Longarad the Whitelegged, in Mag Tuathat in the north of Ossory, i.e. in Ui-Foirchellain, i.e. in Mag Garad in Disart Garad especially, and in Cell Gabra in Sliab Mairge in Les Longarad. Whitelegged, i.e. a great white hair through his legs. Or bright-white were his legs.
Samantha Poetter was the 2012 Under-Secretary General of Administration. Former JCCC student Brandon Bezner served as conference secretary general. These leadership positions are responsible for organizing and managing the conference.
Except… it was COLD!
Don’t worry – we did remember to get a Christmas tree. We decided to put it in the TV room so it was visible as you walked in the house (and let’s face it, Matt and I spend a lot of evenings in front of the tube).
After six months at home, I recently made the decision to return to the workforce. It was a very tough decision, and has been a ridiculously hard transition. There's a big part of me that simply misses being home every day, the tug and pull of a family living in freedom and bouncing around from activity to activity. But there's another part that is sad, angry and ashamed that I did not do more to ensure that I could have stayed home for longer - or maybe forever. I should have written more, I should have explored more options, I should have had a better plan, I should have networked. It's water under the bridge, but it still hurts.
Until a teacher told me I ought to hire someone to title my stories, I didn’t think I was particularly good or bad at it, but after that comment, my titles got significantly worse. Perhaps even more than the story itself, a great title requires an extraordinary amount of confidence and even bravado, especially if you’re going to go the straightforward route (Death in Venice) rather than the ironic (A Heartbreaking Work of Staggering Genius). If anyone were to ridicule the latter, Dave Eggers could simply laugh it off, but a critic could drive a sword straight through the soft spot that is the fact that Thomas Mann’s title would also work beautifully for a paperback crime novel. If some cynical or silly or simply cruel little snit chose to ridicule the title of Eggers’ magnificent and soulful What is the What, with a snide reference to Dr. Seuss or even to that high school cheer I like so much, Eggers would not be able to simply snigger back at his not-so-hip detractor, but would have to somberly explain himself.
Obviously by this point I was still exhausted and now feeling like a bit of a fool lugging my crap through the middle of this parade but it was just so amazing that I honestly didn’t care if I looked like a crazy tourist. The entire experience was the perfect cherry to top off a pretty darn perfect weekend.
I have photos of me as a kid, missing teeth, pigtails and all, wearing t-shirts with “France” and “Paris” and “Oh la la!!” plastered all over them. Despite my adolescent predisposition to love all things French, I had to warm up to it when I moved here. It was surprising. I thought I would blend in with the French, that my language skills would make me fit the mold that seemed destined to be mine since I learned to sing “Frère Jaques”… how naive I was. I’m about as American as they come, and a move wasn’t going to change that.
The director came over and said, “We’ve never had anyone ask to move a grave marker closer. But I’m sure it’s okay, but we can’t move it right next to his.”
We strutted with him.
So, I probably contacted her, chatted her up online until she could stand me no more, and here we are, ready to give away her third book! Allison also has an exciting fourth book coming out early 2012, called, The Song Remains the Same! Sneak Peek HERE!
*FREE DOWNLOAD: (extracted from a Radio show in South America, initially this demo mix was produced ‘just for fun’ by Slim K on his laptop during a night flight to Chicago in Nov. 2010!) | **Get it FREE http://soundcloud.com/slimk/slim-k-open-up-your-heart-shadow-mix/download
by John Kane-Berman
When people think of me, I hope they’ll also think of all my friends who have been through this and who are going through this now. But what I really hope for is that when people think about me, they will not waste time sitting there feeling sorry for me, rather I hope they will STAND UP in honor of me and all of my friends (past, present, and future). And they can do so by spreading awareness and helping to fund a cure for my friends.
Not happy bunny day.
I went into my 'archives' stash and found the cute little metal star
Speaking of scientists dabbling with history, back to Professor Prothero. "Late Roman Alexandria was indeed a tolerant place" he tells us, "where the Egyptian, Greek, and Roman gods were still worshiped." There might be an alternative universe where pre-Christian Alexandria was a "tolerant place", but here in our world it was anything but. Novelist Mike Flynn's series of articles "The Mean Streets of Old Alexandria" show that Alexandria was a hotbed of street violence, political killings, factional brawling and inter-faith conflict long before Christianity was added to the mix. The city has the dubious distinction of being the site of several of the earliest recorded anti-Jewish pogroms. And the "tolerance" of this notably intolerant city did not extend to Christians for the first three hundred years of that faith's history. Like Manicheans, Alexandrine Christians were subjected to periodic bouts of Roman "tolerance" that involved "tolerant" things like being burned alive in arenas, being crucified and being fed to wild animals. As the man hanging in the cell in The Life of Brian said "Terrific people, the Romans". Very "tolerant".
Now, that I have the idea and some elements it's time to start with the object.
Flesh doesn’t really win. Flesh never really wins. Flesh lost that day on the cross when the sky turned black and the curtain was torn, yet we continue to live our lives as if we are powerless over our flesh. Granted, we, in and of ourselves, are powerless, but that isn’t the point. The point is that we don’t have to be powerless. We can win. We can be free from our flesh and even when we aren’t, even when flesh does win, the victory still belongs to Christ.
A country free of discrimination; a country free of violence; a country free of hate. The Obama Administration could ask no better partner than the Anti-Defamation League as we jointly strive to attain the ideals of equal opportunity, equal rights, and equal justice for all. Members of the ADL - I salute you."
I was incorrect.
We were only submitted to Embassy two weeks prior. I was in shock. I walked out to the living room where Ben was already sitting and showed him the email on my phone. Still in disbelief. He confirmed that what I was reading was actually real.
One of the reason for going to Sicily was to join an event organised by Aleksandar Markovic, founder of the Cigars and Professional Group on Linkedin (see here). The event name was already very appealing (the Luxury of Taste) and promised good food, drinks but above all, for me at least, cigars.
i feel weary and old.
My food was pretty decent all week – I stayed within my 1400 calorie range all week, but I wasn’t really inspired by what I was eating. Lots of leftovers, fewer fresh veggies. It was the week before I get paid (I only get paid once a month), which is usually the week that I open the freezer and pantry and have whatever I can find that looks healthy. I don’t have any junk food in the house, but this week wasn’t my best ever, to say the least.
“You will be known and feared by all, Manfred,” continued Zanashet. “Songs will be written about you and you will know many victories. You will live until May strikes 12 o’clock. That is all.”
5. Spread the roasted eggplant evenly into a 13×9 inch baking dish (or 2 8×8 pans.) Spread the lamb filling over the eggplant, then pour the bechamel evenly over the top. (At this point the casserole can be covered and refrigerated for up to 2 days.)
2) I learned that you really do need to wear a helmet when either riding a bike or on any two-wheeled motor vehicle! A horrible incident happened to a woman we know, her husband. He was riding his Vespa (or similar type bike) wearing his helmet, and stopped at a bridge we have to cross over to get to our island. The bridge was up and the traffic was stopped for quite a distance. So there he is sitting in the traffic, and bang, he gets hit by a car from behind, driven by an 18 yr old who was more than likely texting on his phone! Luckily this gentleman survived, pretty banged up, but no broken bones and home from the hospital. He happens to be a personal nurse who works with patients with spinal injuries, he is so lucky he is not a patient himself! And this 18 yr old …. didn’t even get a traffic ticket!! Seriously!!! Something majorly wrong here! There will be legal action but this is just disgusting! The lesson is that this man is alive because of his helmet (which is not alive anymore!) I guess I won’t argue with my husband anymore when he insists that I wear my helmet when I’m just riding to the post office!
Jim Henson is the man who first got me interested in the movies and how they were made. His behind-the-scenes special on “The Jim Henson Hour” left a profound impact on me as a child. The work and trickery involved in bringing dreams to life is no easy task. When I read Tolkien, Lovecraft, Burroughs, Carroll, and MacDonald I imagine the worlds and creatures they fashion out of mere words. When I watch a fantasy movie I marvel at the dazzling images that teams of people had to work on tirelessly to create for the screen. Fantasy films can visually transport us through the looking-glass or wardrobe or whatever. By taking us to other worlds they can sometimes more easily point out the flaws of our own society because the audience’s guard is down and they may be more receptive to the message if they are taught without, at first, realizing it. I further believe that even when fantasy is entirely and only for entertainment purposes it is not mere triviality. After all, there is something to be said of a breath of fresh air.
1970: Artist Francis Bacon accused of possessing cannabis
( There is never a substitute for visiting a Doctor if you require medication and I by no means am supporting getting off any medication without first consulting with your Physician, but you may add these things suggested to your daily regimen, but not as a replacement for needed med’s!)
and its immediate conditioned response—anger—
I visit all the homes of my loved ones each Christmas, silently coming in with the moonlight and leaving with the sun.
TRIVIAL PURSUIT: The film’s plot is based on the comic book stories “Emerald Dawn” and “Secret Origins.” The song Hal and Carol dance to, the Fleetwoods’ “Come Softly to Me,” was released in 1959, the same year the comic book Jordan made his debut.
As I mentioned the doors came primed only, so I used the brush again to go around all of the insets of the door itself.
October is now our target reentry date – exactly one year from the last time we played out.
But this is just dismissing the question rather than addressing it. Well if you strip away all the lofty ideas and arguments you are left with the fact that I doubt that even the most severe, straightlaced puritan would deny that under the right circumstances the sensation of being frightened is fun. Horror is fun. Being scared and out of control is a good time.
Two bucks a bag. I had no idea how it would be, but it is VIRTUALLY like sipping ice tea. When I am on the way to work and I haven't had my first cup, I have just one of these candies to "quiet the voices". Ha. You should see me when I'm traveling. Most folks think that only coffee drinkers can be this impossible about their first cup.
Nelson Mandela's ex-wife Winnie Madikizela-Mandela is demanding an apology from two police officers who pulled over her car on the M1 highway because it was weaving recklessly through traffic at 150km/h.
The most obvious and easy way is to choose is Epicurus’s way of thinking. There is nothing out there. No control, no out of this world punishment. So it this scenario you do anything you want in order to be happy. No reservations. You can either do it rationally and think about each step or just go crazy and see what happens. Probably it all depends on your character. This solution is dreamt of by those who only look for excuse to break the rules, sin or just party hard.
Select the generic _sans font type (you will find it at the top of the fonts list).
The thoughts below aren't anything revolutionary but since winter is almost over (!!!!!), I figured I better let you read about my love for winter root vegetables before the asparagus kick-in full time.
So that, when I enter the next dimension
We have moved two more times for Cameron and we spend our lives searching for that special therapy or something that will help his brain make and hold connections so he can live a more independent life. If not he will be dependent on us for the rest of his life.
I hope everyone continues to keep their sustainability promises…
One of my absolute pet peeves would have to be a dirty and untidy fridge. It is certainly a job that I do try to tend to on a very regular basis, be it wiping the shelves or discarding food leftovers that have been in their too long. But I've never come up with a good solution for lining the containers/shelves on the fridge door. After being taken in and out and placed onto a not always spotless bench during breakfast etc the bottom of the bottles/jars/containers end up grubby and sticky and leave residual gunk in the shelf beneath them in the fridge - yuk! I've tried lining them with paper towel and even brown paper but the OCD in me, hates this because they don't adhere to the shelf properly and taping them would be a sticky mess, and then I end up having to replace it more often than not.
I have vowed to myself that N will never get one more minute of my life than I’m required to give. Even if I have to suffer consequences by refusing to comply with cajoling, begging, threatening, and ”logic,” I will not give in. N will never again take up residency in me.
The matter has now been made all the more compelling by the revelation of apparent parallels, over the similar involvement with Khazakhstan.
Friday morning I flew into the big apple. Alone. With directions and a location to pick up his apartment key. I hopped in a cab and made my way to the lower east side to the Klean and Kleaner laundromat where a key was left in an envelope for me to retrieve. Funny thing is? The key wouldn't actually open the outside door. Nice. A fellow tenant was leaving so I was able to sneak in. Luckily the key to his actual apartment let me inside. I have to give NYC credit for making every space usable. Small would describe the apartment. But it definitely had it's unique characteristics. And a spiral staircase.
When we finished Alice's Adventures in Wonderland we moved on Alice Through The Looking Glass. Chess pieces feature prominently in the story so I pulled out our chessboard and we reviewed how to play it. Playing chess with children is interesting because my goal is not to win but to teach them how to play. It feels weird throwing my chess pieces into positions from which the children can needlessly slaughter them. I talk outloud to myself while playing chess with them to demonstrate how I decide to make my moves. Over the next few days I want to play chess more with each of them, but I also want to have at least one game where as we move the pieces we make up an Alice-like story, about where the creatures are moving and what they are doing. I'm trying also to think about how to draw out or play with a chess board shaped differently, or perhaps to play on a board that morphs into different shapes (hexagons instead of squares, perhaps?).
even if you haven't met them yet
A website creates a first impression on client or person browsing it. By undertaking rich site designs offered by professional Web Design India Company it becomes possible for business entities to set up unique distinctive image for their business on internet. These experts offer sites that are inclusive of additional superior elements such as Photoshop, MySQL, CMS, Zend framework, adobe illustrator and more. Sites can be obtained by software development India firms for small as well as large scale business firms. Support services can also be obtained by them for gaining better targeted audience rate for services and products being offered.
Tender chicken with spinach leaves, mushrooms, and Romano cheese. Very nice.
7. When the brinjals are almost cooked, add the tamarind juice and jaggery and check for salt. If required, add accordingly. Boil in slow heat for a few more mins until the gravy thickens. Stir the mixture slowly to retain the shape of the brinjals.
have a connection where I’m going..
Arguably, Arsenal has the easiest remaining fixtures while Newcastle faces a tough stretch to the finish line.
Reading this post just might save you some money or get you something for nothing.
Tom and I go for a walk to the beach to blow the cobwebs away. On the way home, we attract lots of evil-looking flies, but it’s all right, because, as Dad and I always used to say to each other, confident that our rhesus negative blood repelled all blood-sucking insects, I never get bitten. Naturally, by the time I get in, my right thigh is sprouting a mini Mauna Loa with a gigantic crater in the middle…
Do the Q!
Therapist: Wow. How did you find out? How did they respond? Luckily most of our chat is gchat, still though, there has been quite a bit via text, including a photo of his punch of your face.
Run with It!
gloom.
Above, the pagan mystic and occulted mass murderer General Suharto of Indonesia. In March 1968, CIA backed general took power and instituted a “New Order” in Indonesia.[83] The killing led by General Suharto began in October 1965 when tens of thousands of Communist Party of Indonesia (PKI) cadre and supporters were rounded up at night, detained, and executed.[84]
Unlike Warren Carter, Lance Byron Richey begins his book, Roman Imperial Ideology and the Gospel of John, by affirming the validity of the two-level reading of John’s Gospel; this affirmation subsequently becomes a foundational element of his reconstruction. Richey explains that the “Augustan Ideology”[1] established under Caesar Augustus was a way of legitimating and perpetuating the emperor’s supremacy within and over his government. Once this ideology was firmly in place throughout the Roman Empire, all sectors of society would have been impacted. This, argues Richey, would have included the Johannine community of believers.
Do you happen to know the perfect multi-user online platform that would do all we want it to do?
The Jolly Butchers is a lovely pub, one of my locals, and there's rarely a time when at least some friends aren't in it. I feel comfortable there, as comfortable as I do in my home - that's what great pubs are all about.
A page from Ringelblum's diary. The first 1942 entry, from January 8-26, begins:
Aww…
And finally, a fourth editorial the following month. Lee and Goodman once again mention literary titles of note (Robin Hood, The Iliad, Tom Sawyer) in their attempt to explain to the young readers that their "right" to choose their own reading matter is being infringed upon.
I laid 6 cooked lasagna noodles on a foil-covered cookie sheet.
It had started to snow again when he left. Large flakes fell to the ground; slowly building themselves higher. He looked upwards and let them fall on his face. It always looked like a different world when you look up while the snow falls down. The world becomes quiet when it snows at night. The stillness that makes you forget. He drove around in silence for a long time before finally coming home. When he pulled into the parking lot all the lights in the house were out. He stepped inside, trying not to make a sound. His daughters were home on break and he could just feel them in house. That wholeness, of his family, once again. He snuck into their rooms and kissed them both as they were sleeping. The same way he did when they were children. He got in bed with his wife and wrapped her in his arms and kissed her on the shoulder. It would be awhile until he fell asleep, but until he did he looked out the window. And watching the snow fall; he forgot himself as well.
An hour later, Freeman confronts Britten. He doesn't believe Britten is a copycat, but he does point out how wierd Britten has been acting since returning to work. He hands Britten a set of crime scene photos, and says that if Britten is going to pull another rabbit out of his hat, now is the time. Britten does: a napkin at the warehouse has a green exclamation point logo that Britten remembers seeing spraypainted, in red, on the vacant storefront he checked out with Vega in the real world. While the killer was making his phone call to Santoro, Britten had been to the vacant storefront in his dream. It was the same, except there was no spraypainted red mark.
We did not play on Saturday. The vast majority of us were in Brighton for Jay Schwodler's Stag Weekend. It was there that our manager, Paul Dyke, was shoved off balance by a doorman on the concrete steps outside Revolutions. Ryan Jones, along with a handful of others, saw what happened and threatened the doorman. This public show of unity - albeit from a safe distance and aided by a belly full of lager - was in stark contrast to the mood last May, when Pete Lyons decided to step down as manager after four happy seasons. Without a manager the situation begged the question - did the club have a future? The silence that followed from the players, me included, was ominous.
Kenny pushed her back. “Sit down.”
"Now, both Barack and I have said a lot today about the importance of the relationship between our two countries and our peoples," he said. "Like my predecessors, I'm proud of our essential relationship and of Britain's strong national bond with the United States of America. I feel it in my bones."
I hope it comes back again soon.
When my eldest came home from camp last night I was all ready to make Hainan Chicken rice as I know it is a real fave of his but he surprised me by asking for my Chicken pie.
i don't know and didn't bother to try to figure out which game is represented on the guerra card, but the kottaras card was easy - it was the only game kottaras appeared in against the dodgers all year.
(The eighth in her horrifying 'End of Everything' series.)
5. Don't airbrush on fabrics, since the dye doesn't soak down into the fibers enough.
Despite being unable to fully use their machine, over 80 percent surveyed said they were very or somewhat likely to return to their PS3s online again following the data breach and downtime and, better yet, fewer than 10% had jumped ship to competitor Microsoft's Xbox Live service.
Our Daring Cooks’ December 2011 hostess is Sara from Belly Rumbles! Sara chose awesome Char Sui Bao as our challenge, where we made the buns, Char Sui, and filling from scratch – delicious! And I'm only a week late telling you about it.
Look at this picture of me and Bailey Koch! She is gorgeous, and I'm totally jealous :) the pearl jewelry and the soft curls make this dress perfect. I was wearing something fun too, I got both the shirt and the shorts from Forever 21. Love that place!
INFANTS or young children left inside a vehicle can die of hyperthermia in a few hours, even when the temperature outside is not especially hot. It is a tragedy that kills about 30 children a year, according to the National Safety Council.
The Lecce province is a region rich in history and in agriculture. In fact, it is Italy's most prolific and abundant farming region - as evidenced at the Farmers Market (which also serves as a giant roving department store) where many of the local farmers sell their cherries, apricots, herbs and vegetables. Did I mention there were zucchini flowers?
We made it through three books, by which point she had climbed onto my lap, then turned and to me and said, "Please. Can we go back inside now? It so much warmer reading not in all this ice."
We're so excited, and feel so very blessed with this good fortune.
I also squeezed in Mitch Albom's book Have A Little Faith, a very small, quick read. I am a bit fascinated with religion, comparative religion and spiritual journeys. I must be on one myself, but haven't quite figured it out yet.
They couldn’t be further from the truth, because the anti-Islamic ideology is opposed to everything that Anders Behring Breivik did on that horrible day. Anders Behring Breivik’s warped mind is much more in tune with those of radical Muslims and violent jihadists who don’t see anything wrong with killing innocent civilians in their struggle to achieve the global fascist regime that the Koran mandates. One of the most prominent tenets in the Counterjihad doctrine is that it under no circumstance condones terror as a means to achieve an end. As a matter of fact the Counterjihad community came about as a direct result of the violent and fascist behaviour of various Islamic radicals and Islamic regimes.
Most cities and suburbs around Vancouver have these outdoor fitness parks. They have several machines that work just as well as those in a membership gym enabling you to work out your arms, legs, abs, etc. These parks are getting more and more prevalent around Vancouver and I’m sure there are some right near you that you don’t even know about!
Policeman in court for fraud
The mother, however, filed a lawsuit Tuesday against St. Theresa’s College, seeking damages for not allowing her daughter to graduate just because of the photos posted on the social networking site.
12.Beast in my Bed
(the vents thevents)
Wherever the orbit of the moon can reach,
This card uses a stamp borrowed from my friend Diane, and I forgot to take a note of the maker. A very simple card as I have been very short of crafting time this last couple of weeks.
God has the Genesis one perspective that we don’t have the luxury of. He sees, beyond that knows our future, He knows both paths, He knows which He wills for us and even which we will choose. He’s read the ‘choose your own adventure’ book of our lives but even better than that, He lives in us and so lovingly longs to live through us.
A test witnessed as part of a BBC Click investigation suggests even those with up-to-date anti-virus software could be at risk.
Jerome: There partook five thousand who had reached maturity; for women and children, the weaker sex, and the tender age, were unworthy of number; thus in the book of Numbers, slaves, women, children, and an undistinguished crowd, are passed over unnumbered.
Chill dough for an hour.
BUT NEVER YOU FEAR! The story is actually alternating chapters of the past and present. Which, by the way, works really well. Especially since, at the beginning, we're left wondering as to why she had to make that oh-so-important decision between her family and her friends. Along with that, within the chapter, you get the two different perspectives from Peyton and Chris.
…ARKLATEX SWWD TO PARTS OF SOUTH CENTRAL AND SW TX…
No 2 of my 'Versatile Blogger' recommendations goes to lovely Meg Slater for Project 365. She takes great and diverse photos and counts down each day in her year . She is always quirky and interesting. I find the format a bit difficult to use but there's no doubting that the girl has style!
My Time Made Easy provides you with the basics for creating your own coordinating handmade cards, tags, and gift packaging in no time. It is fun, affordable, and we made it easier than ever! I have always said that it really is all about the TOTAL package. Now you can afford to create and dress up the simplest of gifts on your own, and make them appear to be that much more special. Nothing says love like something handmade.
Yet, his performance was on occasion less than stellar. With Our Lord’s crucifixion hours away, at one point Simon Peter declared his never-dying loyalty to his Master and only a short time later, now in a hostile environment, he denied that he knew him. From this lapse, however, he recovered in a burst of penitential tears.
would you still look at me the same way?
As for evidence of spinning itself, it seems to go back a very long time before recorded history, but nobody really has any idea how old it is, as far as I can tell. Ancient pots are embellished with patterns created by pressing a cord into the wet clay. The Greeks of Homer said that spinning was taught to humans by Athene, who turned Arachne into a spider for getting too good at it. The Navajo say they learned it from Spider-Woman.
Are you ready ?
I hit upon a phrase that really struck a chord with what I was desiring- Moving through my days with purpose. I have finally found a system that works *for me* and true to my type 4 nature, it could not be a system that anyone else designed. I have a big 18 month binder style calendar. I put my to-do list on the spaces for each day. Every morning I get a fresh piece of notebook paper and make my schedule for the day. Every day starts out the same with breakfast, taking my calcium magnesium, planning my day and spending some time alone in prayer and reading my Bible. Beyond that, each day still looks different from the next and I like that variety, but I have some direction, written down for what I want to accomplish before lunch and then what I want to accomplish before dinner. I don't schedule it down to the hour, but depending on the day in 2-4 hour chunks. I throw the paper away at the end of the day, so all that is left on the semi-permanent record of my calendar is my crossed off to-do list. This works much better for me than writing down every detail on the calendar (a bit of perfectionism in me would cause me to develop a nervous twitch if I wrote down "laundry" on every day and missed it twice a week) and it works better than grabbing a random piece of paper to write down today's to-do list, but not having anywhere set and permanent to write down what I need to do next week and thus forget and/or procrastinate.
Slice zucchini into thin medallions, about the thickness of a quarter. (You can either use a knife & a very steady hand, or a mandoline slicer.)
I love the pedestrianized High Street. Some other towns make them, but not enough do. There is such a difference in the atmosphere. People can wander at leisure, go in and out of the shops, stand and chat or sit in the sun. Compare that with places where shoppers are crowded onto narrow pavements with traffic continually grinding past inches from their noses.
Nick Sorrentino
A bit like this awesome get-up that I won on eBay last year...
- Damage to liver and kidney functions
#61. snuggling under the covers
Above the clouds they rained down
This is what the loft used to look like. Someday when I'm of elementary school age, I'll get to sleep in the bunk above and I'll get to do my homework at the built in desk!
We still grieve for those who lost so much. Like a few, I worry for the POWs and MIAs about whom uncomfortable, horrific questions daily come to mind.
I'm pulling up my sleeves, pulling out my bible, stretching every creative
You Can Depend on Me, Fletcher Henderson and His Orchestra
You will note that there is some wiggle room in these statements. It is “almost certain” that humans are responsible; nasty things will “probably” happen. That is because all science can ever be is the best guess of the best minds. Also, the climate is a complex system, meaning it can behave in ways that are opaque beyond our most sophisticated calculations. But, as I have often been told, those statements are as true as any scientific statements can be, and nobody — I repeat, nobody — has been able to refute this. In short, to deny any of these statements is to put yourself beyond the bounds of rational discourse.
Thank you for visiting and have a fabulous Saturday. Hugs, Mette
Just thought I'd post that I had a great day today. It started out early as hell, but I had coffee all ready to go and Ingrid was in a good mood. So, it was doable. I had my bathroom and kitchen cleaned, Ingrid had breakfast, I'd had two cups of coffee, and Otis was down for a nap all by 9am. Sheesh.
Guarding national heritage no matter what or where
Under French law, an instruction judge is a magistrate responsible for conducting an investigative hearing to determine whether a case proceeds to criminal trial.
Well that’s all you get. I don’t want to give too much away. Just go see it! You know you want to. Even if by some chance you haven’t read the books you can totally enjoy it as an individual movie. I can’t wait to see it again. If you’ve seen it already tell me what you think. If you have tickets tell me what you’re most looking forward to. Share your thoughts on my review. Oh and if it’s not clear…
Favorite Quote: “Find a way to win” by my coach Steve Sampson at Santa Clara. Also: “It’s not the end of the world. My dog will still lick my face whether I win or lose.” – Michael Biondi, Olympic champion.
I think that's really cool.
Though Paris may not be as big as other major international hot spots like New York, or London, they have one thing in common: TOO MANY DAMN BARS. Should I go here? There? NO, no wait. Someone said this place was better than that place. And then there's that new one that just opened up, it's getting rave reviews. But should I trust them? Do we have similar taste? Do they know what the hell they're talking about or is it all just buzz?
or gods no longer relevant
This train, all aboard
Potential Insights: This will deliver more insights around the relationships from participants and how the preparation has positively or negatively affect these relationships.
The story ends with a small ray of hope, Amir and Sohrab fly a kite together for the first time, and as Amir cuts down another Kite, Sohrab smiles for a moment.
Faust never lets up. The action is relentless and no matter how over the top and stylish, the emotions ring true. She is able to give a tongue-in-cheek delivery without being out of character. There is an undercurrent to her writing that seems to share her love of the genre with the reader. It’s like she’s whispering “Isn’t crime fiction cool? Look what you can do with it.”
We should all find a way to do something nice for each other and someone and it doesn’t have to include money. Just think what a great country this could be if everyone did something nice no matter what color or race you helped that day.
Since i can remember my mum and i watched Grease again, again and again..I remember my dad and my brother used to hate John Travolta for ruining them so many saturday nights, but Danny Zuko was not to banish from our living room ;)
"So, we have a new plan," said the oncologist.
Who was that? asked Sarah who was Miss 'Petras assistant. Miss 'Petra smiled wickedly at Sarah and yelled "ENTOURAGE ASSEMBLE NOW!"
Lots going on as always and not all good unfortunately.
“I got pissed off,” Rieckhoff says. “I had commanded 38 guys in central Baghdad for a year, and when they came home there was nowhere for them to go.”
Add some accents to the frame by making very simple boxes. Just cut a piece of cardstock and score as shown in the photo. Fold, glue, and done with the box. I printed and cut the photos the same size as the boxes and glued them on top to give some dimention to the photos.
4. Shazaam.......my low battery light started blinking on this computer and I popped out of this chair like a gun went off. I would have cried for days and shut down this blog for good if I would have lost this list!
1 12-ounce package semisweet chocolate chips
Meet Me In St. Louis (1944) ... TCM ... 6 PM
Curry Tomato Rice:
“What a pity!” I said, resting my chin on my fist. “Perhaps you could give me her card so I could ask her back for another visit.”
you know, the ones involving lumber, power tools and skills to use either.
Any Easter items bought from my shop will be sent in a little Easter drawstring gift bag that the item will fit into. I will also be adding these large organic hemp Easter gift bags above to my Etsy shop for purchase, ready to be filled with treasures for Easter Morning:)
I have more photos and things to share about his special day, but for now I just want to share some photos. After we all rest up and recover from our adventures in illness I will share the rest of the day.
* I’ve decided I’d like to approach Smart Quill Editorial for a report. What should I do first? And what happens when I send you my m/s?
“Thanks,” he said. He struggled to pull it over his cold, still damp arms. Then he tried to do up the buttons. His fingers were obviously numb. He looked up at Diane with an expression of comic resignation. “Would you?... Please?...”
The best of these “tricks” and probably one of the more obvious ones, considering the lyrics I chose for the top of the post, is the natural make-up look. I can’t tell you how many guys have said to me something like, “I love that you don’t wear make-up” or even better – “wait, I didn’t realize you had freckles” when they actually do see me without make-up on.
Thing is, for you blood elves, it kinda sucks because if you’d had this idea a couple years ago, we could have done something about it. Like if you could make a move right after the truth about Kael’thas came out, there’d probably be enough backlash against him in Silvermoon that the people would be all over a new leader. Open arms, figurehead installed, profit. Of course, back at the time when the iron was hot, we had Thrall running things all white-hat style and me off in Nagrand still cutting myself and shit. But still. Good job being slow with this idea just the same. Honestly, though, trying to do it that way now, we’re just going to get stuck with uprisings and unrest and all kinds of other crap.
In the LDS Gospel, we believe that we lived before this life, as spirits, literal creations of Heavenly Parents. We also believe that we will have a life after this one, where eventually we will be reunited with a perfected form of the body we have in this life, to continue to progress to being like out Heavenly Mother and Father. We understand two very specific reasons for this mortality, and have quite a bit of speculation on other reasons for mortality.
I watched Law & Order, the "SUV" edition of NBC's long running multi-generational cop ensemble and they did Williamsburg tonight.
In Philippians 2:5-11, I find my statement of faith—an incredible summary of what I believe about Christ’s birth, life, death, burial, resurrection, ascension, and eternal glory.
1 package of active dry yeast (1/4 ounce)
On Christmas day we had several of Andrew's family members come over for dinner. We had the big celebration on Christmas Eve at my inlaws, then opened up our home on Sunday evening for anyone that was free to come. After dinner we were talking about family history...and Swedish immigrants :)...and we all had a good laugh when Andrew's grandfather shared a funny saying his father had developed when learning English. Whenever work on the farm or around the house resulted in the typical injuries that come with the territory he would tell his wife, "Uff da Clara, it hurts so good!" It was so funny to us because the idea of anything "hurting good" just doesn't sound right. But that's the way it is in adoption. There is a lot of hurt...for adoptive parents and adopted children...but it's all wrapped up in the growth of a family.
Who are these people? Why do Pinterest users respond so strongly to products that are pinned? This infographic from Tamba breaks down the stats, explaining why Pinterest is so powerful with its consumption-friendly audience.
Here are the simple rules: (I hate rules!)
I find it positive because it shows that Arabs also can have success in a world, where they normally would be considered unwelcome. This victory was based on Kader’s skills, and the viewers choice to focus on the voice, more than the identity, proving that the mutual dislike can be set aside. Kader herself also expressed surprise and pride, stating that this showed that though there is disagreements and trouble between Jews and Arabs, then people can see other sides of each other, and not always making the hard relation be the overall defining subject.
If they are really good and totally honest, expect to go through this several times. Get used to rewrites. You may pull every last shred of hair out of your head before you are finished, but know that you are sparing yourself…and others pain. Add humiliation to that list.
But this life comes from Jesus and never from religion. This life cannot be found in Christianity, churchianity or in any buzz-word like community, simple church or organic church. Life will attach itself to those who join themselves to Jesus. He is life itself.
And boy, I was wrong – I’ve grown to love this tiny space of mine, and of course, it didn’t happen overnight.
“My friend’s cheekbone was crushed. They attacked us with glass and burnt us with lit cigarettes. My face is burnt and totally disfigured. Worst of all, I really hated their racist comments.”
The music videos I've always enjoyed the most are those that tell a story, and I've only seen a few that have been more enjoyable that this Meatloaf, action-film inspired video for "I'd Lie for You."
Seriously, I have no idea. I don't think I'd be good at long life, I'd probably get all stabby and off someone. But, if I had to say something, I'd love to see (a) the world as culture and that kind of thing intrigues me. And (b) I love to see fashion changes. This is mostly because they crack me up! And besides that, imagine the shoe collection I could have...because you know I'm vain like that.
I can always give them more support as we work together but I can never take back the information I have handed them. If I give them the information first they have no possibility of getting their own their own.
Many news reporters and talk show hosts are claiming that the Supreme Court may be asked to determine if Obama's action violated the Constitution. However, Article I Section 3 Clause 6 states that the Senate has sole Power to try the President.
Today the baby girl turned 3. Its been a big last 12 months. Stella has weaned from breastfeeding, traveled overseas, had tantrums at some of the most famous sites in London and Paris, started 3 year old kinder and started daycare for the first time.
Regarding Jews, I admit they are treated favorably, though I maintain less favorably than other minorities. (See my post on the Hierarchy of Entitlement, for example.) I agree that this should not happen, and that there are many false accusations of anti-Semitism made (including against me). I agree that false accusations of anti-Semitism should stop. But you still claim I’m showing favoritism toward Jews, I suppose because you believe that Jews belong at the top of my Hierarchy of Entitlement. So in your mind, I’m denying that MMRILS applies to Jews, but I maintain that I’m not.
The tower’s unique properties allow for an equally innovative construction process. Instead of building the tower from the ground up, floor by floor as most skyscrapers are built, the rotating tower will be built in parallel stages. As a team on site builds the enormous concrete core, or spine of the building, complete with the elevators, a separate team will be working in a dedicated factory, prefabricating each floor in segments. Once the core is complete, the segments will be lifted up the side of the building and each floor will be assembled and attached, from the top floor down, around the central spine.
So I held his hypocrisy up to the light, then dipped it in some gruesome detail for dramatic effect.
What a WONDERFUL month May is shaping up to be. Do you have plans to get out and view the SUPER MOON this weekend? I sure plan to.....I have lots of plans for this month. Starting with VACATION -- I am taking off some time from my job. Some of that time will be vacation and some will be STAYcation -- I am looking forward to BOTH. I have plans for flower planting and porch furniture painting and graduation receptions attending. Leisure mornings with a cup of coffee in hand, lunches and dinners with friends and working on some cookbook reviews. Ahhh!
I remember the lilac gazing regally down on me
At the carnival, at first I didn't want to stare, but after awhile I just couldn't help it. The clothes some of these little girls were wearing was atrocious.
The brass fanfare heard about 35 seconds into this track is one that would stop anyone in their tracks. And then Herrmann tops that with the another fanfare at 2:35 that’s so powerful when seen along with the visuals. Maybe credit should go to Elmer Bernstein who adapted Herrmann’s music for this remake. I should really watch the original again and see what Herrmann did originally.
My, oh, my! It's been quite a while. Unpacking and organizing, rearranging and reorganizing has been the name of the game here at the Weed residence. For the first time in at least 2 moves, we opened every single box. Those boxes with multiple moving company stickers, like unopened treasures from long ago, were opened this time. And can I just say "Yuck!". It is simply amazing the amount of unnecessary junk that one family can hang onto and cart all over the planet. Much of what we found ended up in the shredder or garbage pile. And I asked on several occasions, "do we really need bank statements from 1998? or college papers from 1995?" Seriously!? It feels great to be cleaned out. Great! Should have done it a few moves ago! Clutter reduction is a plus. Makes you just feel lighter to get rid of unneeded stuff that's taking up space. I love it!
Dear Zoe,
Review by for NPR.org. Please visit that link to show your appreciation and to support them and/or to stream track by track.
And a couple CT pages for your viewing pleasure... :)
20 pcs dried red chillies (boil and blend with 1/2 cup water)
Of course, once I started reading the recipe, I got a bit nervous. Pistachios? In dessert? I seriously contemplated swapping pistachios for something else, but Eric insisted that we needed to go big or go home with this recipe. So I reluctantly purchased a $10 can of pistachios (seriously, why are nuts so expensive?). Let me tell you, these things are awesome. Hands down, the best biscotti I’ve ever eaten. The pistachios are perfect. And we got enough nuts in that $10 can to serve up this recipe several more times, which you can be certain I will do. And since these cookies make an awesome dessert, breakfast, or afternoon snack (with a nice cup of coffee), I think we’ll go through them fast!
Since the balls kept trying to pop off the stick (causing me much anger and frustration) I spooned the chocolate on the balls rather than dunking. I didn't get a nice clean look, but at least I got it on there successfully!
it's been so busy here this spring,
Nightmare takes the familiar route of deranged killer George Tatum being released from a mental institution in hopes that the doctors have cured him. Of course they haven't and George proceeds on a national tour of slaughters to reach one family in particular. What was particularly interesting in seeing this last night (I got spoiled by seeing this at Rue Morgue's Cinemacabre Night on 35 mm print with a sizable audience) was the complete lack of irony in Nightmare. After a week of happily thinking and talking about The Cabin In The Woods, it was great to get back to a tried and true slasher that had none of the gloss of even a Friday the 13th and to me felt much more like Texas Chainsaw Massacre. With all this talk of meta this and post modern that, it was hugely enjoyable to see a movie that is blood and guts but genuinely trying to make a point and examine the recesses of human depravity. Some times successfully, sometimes ... not.
(TCM is showing Muscloe Beach Party tonight at 10:00 EDT as part of its "Spring Break Week.")
10-Phantoms-Josephine.mp3
Nothing is transparent, it is all cloudy.
3. Love and respect your brother or sister
because you let yourself be mediocre.
Some time back I created a man. I called him Sardonic Scholar. He was a busy body who send unsolicited mail to people on my contact list. At the time, I believed that people would find his point of view more acceptable if it was coming from a man. I think differently now. If you're interested in hearing what my alter ego has to say (more like 'has had to say') go here
And we first saw him on May 10th, 2010.
For the center piece, I used the squash looking pieces we painted ealier, pumpkins from Halloween (yes, they survived this long....I'm amazed too), the fake leaves, and a serving platter I already that just so happen to be orange. I just arranged them to have a outdoor fall scene look.
If you're pissed off about this, please share this information. Maybe one day we'll all get it together and make the MTA answerable to the Mayor or the Govenor (jeez can you imagine) somebody who could be made to run the MTA better.
Just after the turn to the 21st century I saw a vision of a web of light energy spread over the earth as seen from above the atmosphere. There were brilliant centers of light that pulsated with life and weaker fainter spots connected with less vibrant threads. I sensed the brighter lights were light workers and their prayers and energy would ignite the fainter lights resulting in a brilliant net of light energy overlaying the earth like an intricately woven spider web or lace shawl. Today, I ask each of you to connect your light with the Net of Light as The Grandmothers instruct with prayer and love to help heal and balance the earth and all our relations. As the Hopi Elders said, "Now is the time, and we are the ones we have been waiting for."
I know they’ll be fine. It’s not as if they’re babies. They’re all quite self sufficient (they’ve had to be with my health.) And my hubby is a gem at times like these. Even with his mountain of work, he’ll cope wonderfully as he always does.
108When victims at yon altar's foot we lay?
One of the programs that Keeneland runs during its fall and spring race meets is a Saturday morning breakfast where people can come and watch the horses train while scarfing down scrambled eggs, sausage, and biscuits with gravy. While the food is decent, the real draw of the program is being out there early in the morning and watching the horses run as the rising sun begins to burn away the pre-dawn mists. It’s thrilling to stand at the rail as a pair of jet black thoroughbreds come sprinting down the track toward you. You can hear their hooves clomping in the dirt and their breathing pulsing louder and louder as they get closer. Then they fly past so quickly, your eyes have a tough time keeping up. Fortunately, you will get another chance as a second pair and then a third and a fourth will following in short order.
Paul Bert Bistro
And now, why not spend a few moments jotting down some things you are grateful for in YOUR life... You will be amazed at how uplifting the positive energy is!
By Kellie Lunney April 19, 2012
In the case of SM Mohamed Idris, though, I do have a suggestion for politicians: Try not to use “sexist and ageist” words when making a political statement. It doesn’t help. It makes matter worst and the actual points or message you want to impart for the world to read gets derailed.
other news: once again i was asked "how old are you" me: "31" other person "my god you look like your 12" -- i guess Botox and face lifts aren't in my future any time soon - i totally think it's my henna tatt along with my hippie vibe i give off and dress -- i wear ZERO make-up unless an "event" comes up - this whole 30 thing is FAB, i couldn't ask for anything else - life is good - and BIG changes ahead to make it better!!!!
The movie was a risk for first-time director and Oscar-winning screenwriter (Moonstruck) John Patrick Shanley, but the studio was likely banking on the drawing power of both Hanks and Ryan, which pays off well enough for a good comedy but not for the box office they had hoped for.
The underlined portion is the part that people “can say,” when they reach their U.S. Senator. That part is true. They can say those things. They would just be blatantly lying.
Makes you a better player. Ok, I can only speak for myself about this, but I really think I do a lot more brainwork playing scenarios than plain bashing. And the best part is I don’t get burned so easily. After a couple of games of caster kill remembering every threat range and trick the enemy model’s can pull on me I get exhausted. But I can play 4 or 5 straight scenario games where both my opponent and myself are thinking above the abilities of the models, and it somehow makes me worry more about tactics and movement and crazy tricks with what I have there and then, than just thinking about the initial deployment for the rock-paper-scissors kind of game. I can honestly say this kind of play has made me a better player.
2. Pankaj Udhas: Kaisa Ye Karam
I'D LIKE TO SEE YOUR CONGRESSES REACTION TO A PAY CUT
Wednesday, March 7. Day 4 of our cruise on the Voyager of the Seas, and exploits in Jamaica, the last of our three ports.
The little make up bag is from popular Japanese brand, W♥C (a freebie from Japanese Nylon) and is ridiculously empty. Inside is my Majolica Morjorca pressed pore compact, Hello Kitty x MAC lipstick in Big Bow and a sample of Burberry's Body. I am LOVING this fragrance! The marketing tactic of placing a sample in my shopping bag has annoyingly worked on me. So very tempted.
It just goes to show what can happen when you keep your eyes open for creative opportunities and possess the tenacity to come up with work even without a brief.
Here are some ideas for arrangements to give or send- for Mother’s day, or just because:
I have no photos of Mr. CFP blowing out 50 candles on a cake decorated with words that declare him old. I have no photos of hordes of people clapping at his amazing ability to extinguish a small fire with one giant breath.
My other blog (Help! I Need a Publisher!) takes up a lot of time. Maybe an hour a day, often more. I blog on it at least three times a week, and reply to all comments - most posts get around 20 comments, sometimes as many as 50ish. (Yesterday's got well over a hundred!) People also email me off-blog (including agents, editors and publishing industry people). That sounds like a lot of work for no money and it is a lot of work but here's what I get from it:
Since then, Common Market and Mariposa have experienced remarkable growth, and this March that growth became visible when Mariposa managed a $2.5 million relocation from its 500-square-foot storefront to a nearly 5,000-square-foot retrofitted, historic bank just up the street from its former location.
Scary thought.
While the plot of this is not the most unique thing out there, I still found myself fully immersed in it, as I’m a huge sucker for road-trip books. Moreover, the variety of setting and people didn’t hurt the case one bit. Higgin’s writing was also decent, because not only did she bring the characters to life but the plot lines as well, and she did a fabulous job of revealing those types of secrets that readers love to have!
It was a treat to visit....as it MUST have been for the tradesman of Warwick all those yrs ago...folk such as **Mr. Chadband, Confectioner....AND Mr. R. Ivens, Auctioneer.....and his brother, Mr. J. Ivens, Master Upholsterer...
The lure and the prestige of getting a book published has always been based on... what? Exclusivity. It's exciting to get a book deal because many want one, and few can get one.
4. Letting Up Despite Great Faults - In Steps (3:44)
I am scheduling guest blogs, interviews, promo stops, and reviews
Q: You are such a productive writer, I am envious. Do you have a clone and if so how do I get one? Just kidding, the serious question is what's next up for you?
It is clear that California economy is not going anywhere but down, and the fall will be accelerating with the next round of housing foreclosures already in the pipeline.
I know this is upsetting for some of you what with that notion of American exceptionalism and all that, but I figure maybe, just maybe, if you know you are in the same boat as the rest of the world when it comes to the U.S. government being able to whack you at the drop of a hat for any reason at all, no questions asked, you might start to think that letting the government kill people, any people, isn't such a hot idea. You might even start to think that its a bad idea to threaten to bomb countries just because it's an election year and the yahoo contingent want a "strong" leader.
Hachette books has generously provided three copies of this historical romance for readers of my blog!
The United States Postal Service revealed a plan last week that could keep thousands of small-town post offices open by reducing hours. That’s certainly better than the alternative for places like Hope, Minnesota, an unincorporated community just off Interstate 35 south of Owatonna in Steele County. Last summer Hope’s 120 residents learned that their post office, like thousands of others across the country, likely would close in a cost-cutting measure.
From the Just For Today Daily meditation:
I don't know why, the entire world fell in love with those two actress, and now, it's like there is only those two ones. But, c'mon, they are bad actress !!!!!!
1) Give up. That’s not really an option though because I’m not doing that.
Puss N' Boots / These Boots (Are Made for Walking)
Vomiting & abdominal pain is not fun at all.
* disclaimer...my room is not pretty...it is not one that has cost me hundreds to put together...it doesn't have pretty baskets for coordinating boxes...it is just functional, just as I need it to be.
We had a lovely weekend with our granddaughters (oh yes, and their parents!). Our oldest turned six and had her birthday party Saturday. They have a local park with a picnic pavillion and a "splash pad" and 5 little girls had a wet and wonderful time. The splash pad is free and has all kinds of water fountains that run on a 15 minute timed meter, so that it can used as long as you want by pressing a button. Between that and the playground the party was a great success!
Other specifications include a single-core 1.3GHz processor, 512MB of RAM, 16GB built-in storage, USB-on-the-Go, Bluetooth 3.0, HSDPA 14.4Mbps, HSUPA 5.76Mbps, Wi-Fi N with DLNA, GPS and A-GPS, stereo FM radio, and even NFC.
Oh, how long before you
In a microwave safe bowl add chocolate and butter--microwave on high until melted and smooth. In a bowl add eggs--beat. Add white sugar--stir. Add melted chocolate--stir. Add flour, baking powder and salt--stir. Add chopped pecans and vanilla--stir. Pour batter into a greased 8 x 8 square baking pan. In a bowl add milk, coconut and brown sugar--stir. Spread the coconut mixture evenly over the batter. Bake at 350 degrees for 25-30 minutes--test with a toothpick for doneness.
Leaves are a Woodware Punch
(Drumroll please!)
(To Coffee Bean: I'm sorry if I put you through the responsibility of single-handedly taking care of the blog posts. That was quite rude of me and I'll try to refrain from doing so again.)
We’ll wait.
Shock in Athens: People Find Food in Garbage Bins
Multi-instrumentalist Scott Mosher is becoming a regular here on YourMusicBlog. Not so long ago I wrote about the second Oceans Of Night album, which I liked very much. So with some help from Scott I completed his whole discography. His older solo albums are already signposts of what Oceans Of Night is. The combination of ambient keyboards and progressive metal is already showing it’s face there. But with help from singer Scott Oliva he has raised the bar.
_______________________________________
I think that souvenirs are an important part of travel so that you do remember all the amazing things you’ve seen and experienced. I don’t necessarily mean buy 8 million things and blow all your money on souvenirs, but find things that mean something to you and remind you of something special about your trip! So, today I’m just going to share some pictures of some of my favorite souvenirs I’ve collected:
But why do I pose this question? Most Christians know, or should know, this already. Well most Christians do know the truth but don’t seem to follow it. I will be the first to admit that I am guilty of this, many times I do not act in a way that shows that I am a child of the King. Every time that I read James I am reminded that I am guilty of not having works through faith. But the reason that I am writing a post about this issue is that I feel that it is important to the Church as a whole.
I hope, I desperately hope that we are not yet too far gone, even if Mark Steyn has already written us off, but I will close by asking that Americans keep a close eye on what is happening to Europe and Britain, and call a halt today, immediately, right now, to any further demographic or ideological growth of Islam in the Land of the Free. I implore you not to make the same foolish mistakes that our naive or treacherous European politicians have made.
– Nashville Gives Tough Sentences To Homeless: Is It Fair?
Is it my destiny, my fate?
Gradually add dry ingredients and mix well. Let stand a few minutes to moisten the flours. Fold dates into the dough.
-$2/1 Pampers Swaddlers Sensitive, Swaddlers, Cruisers, Limited Edition Prints or Extra Protection Diapers, (P&G 07/31/11)
I went to Rose's house yesterday and we began making a book that I had an idea for while I was at work the other day- after it is finished, I will create a tutorial with pictures and post it...I am really excited about it.I only have a couple today for you- another butterfly (big surprise) and more perfume bottles. Will work on more images for tomorrow...but I want to work on the book so I hope you all have a wonderful day!
crystal vase on a black piano,
Where the Volunteer input form is passed to the User’s browser and a new captcha is generated.
Pop Up Shoppe.
I saw a preview of this movie when I went to the Alamo Drafthouse Slaughter Lane training day. I can't write a review of Jiro's restaurant, but the psychological aspects of the documentary struck me as remarkable. There really won't be any spoilers, as there really isn't a traditional plot, per se.
The NPA is without a doubt the most committed and coherent revolutionary party in France, and undoubtedly the one I would have voted for if I had a vote in France. It's failure to stand up against racism on that occasion reflects how deeply racism is rooted in French political culture as a whole. The struggle against racism cannot be reduced to the struggle against the extreme right.
“Having a girl fight his battles for him,” said the smallest, though size was definitely relative, olive-skinned one. He wore a jacket that had his last name, Rodriguez, embroidered above a basketball on the left side.
Bows. A lot of bows. A lot of bows that I hand-tied from a spool of ribbon. 140 bows to be exact, IF I counted correctly. Itty, bitty bows. The grid behind the bow is off of my Making Memories mat - in half-inch increments. Well, they're the bittiest bow I could make out of that ribbon.
Cool Whip Save $.50/2 whipped topping dnd (4/25)
Hello everyone.
As they grow into adulthood, most people deal with the fragility and vulnerability of the self by taking on roles and attachments. They take on the roles of their jobs, attach themselves to certain beliefs – strengthening their identity with labels such as ‘socialists’, ‘atheists’ or ‘muslims’ – or attach themselves to ambitions, to knowledge they’ve accumulated, to their self-image as ‘important’ or ‘powerful’ people, or emotionally attach themselves to other people…These roles and attachments become the scaffolding of the ego, propping it up – and at the same time, they reinforce separation, making them more ‘walled off’.
To create wealth, one needs skills.
His weekend started with a little celebration at school, unfortunately I had school stuff to handle, so Daddy was awesome enough to take care of it.
A bow-shot from her bower-eaves,
Emerson: Anytime.
They had me change my diet a bit too, but I'll write about that in another post soon. In other news, we're starting a Shape Up Challenge at work, and my coworkers nominated me to be their team lead. Fun!
Mary Joannou is Professor of Literary History and Women’s Writing at Anglia Ruskin University. Her research interests are the women’s suffrage movement, the 1930s, and late Victorian and early twentieth-century writing. Her publications include “Ladies, Please Don’t Smash These Windows: Women’s Writing, Feminism and Social Change 1918-1938″ and “Contemporary Women’s Writing: From the Golden Notebook to the Color Purple”.
Volume, Contrast, Brilliance… Sessions & Singles (1983)
. . . a simple truth: If the invention and the patent or patents that read on it are good enough, both parties will be interested in finding a deal that works for you and for them. After all, winning is more fun than losing.
I’ve always been interested in the ‘Jigsaw’ classroom structure – it’s one of those things I’ve heard about as ‘If you can pull off a jigsaw, your kids will learn so much! And they’ll learn to work with each other! And they’re teaching each other, so it’s even more meaningful!’. I guess, when people tell me about it, it hits all the right notes for meaningful group work. Anyway – I finally found a good place to try it and it seemed to work pretty well, so I thought I’d share it.
“In 2005, Moore criticized what he saw as scare tactics and disinformation employed by some within the environmental movement, saying that the environmental movement "abandoned science and logic in favor of emotion and sensationalism." Moore contends that for the environmental movement "most of the really serious problems have been dealt with", seeking now to "invent doom and gloom scenarios". He suggests they romanticise peasant life as part of an anti-industrial campaign to prevent development in less-developed countries, which he describes as "anti-human".
And a few more, all of them within "a pittance" budget. I like the middle one. But I'd be happy with the last one too.
That doesn't sound right. I think it's under the shoulders and over the waist.
Skeeter Davis The end of the world US
This spring semester, I worked closely to ensure that my role at the FTK Dance Marathon would go well, and in my eyes, I felt that it did. I managed to create games, activities, and add a competitive edge to the FTK Dance Marathon to ensure that Dancers remained active and entertained. Anything from giant Twister, life-size Angry Birds, and a Beyonce dance-off were just a few of the tricks I pulled out of my sleeve. Door prizes also added to the constant energy on the dance floor throughout the 18 hours and I am so grateful for the support from various UTSA departments who contributed to my endeavors. The one person I must give credit to for helping me with the FTK Dance Marathon, would have to be my Committee Lead, Tracy De Leon. Without all her behind the scenes work, the morale component of the FTK Dance Marathon would not have gone as well as it did.
1/2 cup toasted spiced pumpkin seeds (see below)
"It's illegal for magical creatures like us to enter Oz -- Glinda's laws. Animals are only barely tolerated, but purely magical creatures are not." He flexed his wings. "If we were Monkeys," -- I could hear the emphasis on the "M" now -- "it would be fine, but we aren't. And what's worse, we are Elphaba's creations, and there's no mystery behind Glinda's feeling for anything associated with her ancient rival. You will have to ride along with the train master here, Mr. Cob." He indicated the man intent on navigating the train. "He seems like a reasonable sort, trustworthy, well-known in Munchkinland, and dedicated to his train more than anything else."
6.) Dark Angel
oshi says she expects we’ll see more Indian-influenced movies in the U.S. But she worries, at the same time, that Americans are missing part of what makes Indian movies great.
Exceptions to the Double the final consonant spelling rules : if the word ends with two or more consonants, or if the final consonant is preceded by two vowels instead of one.
The problem is what’s not explained on page 69. These people in the lavishly appointed room are there to witness an interrogation. The Checquy is a secret government agency that polices (and is staffed by) the supernatural. Rook Myfanwy Thomas has amnesia. And she can control people with her mind. Plus, there’s hardly any snide humour.
Twitter: @peternickeas
georgia peach
Who I Made It For?: Prince Charming, Big Sister, and I
Summer is a time to show some skin, weather your wearing shorts, soaking up the sun in your bikini or wearing your favorite sandals, either way you don't want to have dry, flaky skin. I discovered a way to feel confident and have great sMOOth skin for the Summer, with Udderly Smooth!!
All other issues are not good talking points, so I will leave my positions on those up to whatever would benefit my campaign most. I do have “fantastic” in the title for a reason.
JustAName
Karl Kraus
which is a little disappointing
It was so much fun that we went on another hunt after school on Monday.
Even though it was a good day to be out, I didn't take any photos today. I was hoping that I would. But the photographic muse had deserted me, yet again. I suppose that photography on the street is a bit like fishing, as you never know what you are going to get. At least in the studio you are practically guaranteed to get some good shots.
But, they never satisfied me the way he does.
JR Matinez – came to WIN last night! Seriously, it was HIS night and everyone else was a spectator. He and Karina knocked two dances out of the park last night, and he is back on top of the leaderboard as he should be. He looks like a pro – his footwork is preceise, his energy matches his partner, he looks totally in control and confident… he just came out gangbusters last night!
All the madness that occurs
So far Samsung says that the artists they have approached have been very receptive to this technology because the displays are able to capture and recreate the artist’s vision so well.
For those unaware of Amanda’s latest musical endeavour, she and collaborator Jason Webley have released an album under the moniker Evelyn Evelyn, who were represented as a pair of conjoined twins, rescued from the socially awkward lives of circus performance and child exploitation and pornography (no, really; that was a very key part of the backstory, including heroic Amanda and Jason saving the day by helping ‘the twins’ seek legal action). Now, anyone with half a clue can figure out pretty quickly that the twins do not exist, just as surely as Chris Gaines is Garth Brooks, or that the bands Prozzak and The Gorillaz are not really walking/talking/singing cartoons.
I love (as usual) what each of the designers have created this week:
The true mecca for St Peter's beers is, however, the brewery's own pub, The Jerusalem Tavern. Inside, oil lamps made from the beer bottles have been prepared for the anointed. But while the bottle may be a copy of a Philadelphia flask dating from around 1770, the building itself has been around since 1720. Old and well-used she may be, the pub still attracts a crowd of office workers every weekday. The building is almost a century and a half older than the nearby meat halls of Smithfield, on which site livestock has been traded for more than 800 years. Outside the market hours (4 am- 12 noon) there is precious little evidence of this activity except for the huge halls-the Farringdon area is these days the home of trendy cafés and night clubs.
For a Washington press corps that has been up in arms challenging House Speaker Nancy Pelosi’s claim that the CIA obscured key details of the harsh interrogations from congressional leaders, it was impressive to see how little skepticism was evinced by Powell’s claim of ignorance from his seat on Bush’s Principals Committee.
The roses smell stronger than usual, their sweet, musky scent hangs heavy in the foggy air. The treads on his old shoes struggle to grip the stones still wet from the street washer’s hose. He tightens his hold on his cane and feels for the wall behind him. A chill seeps into his spine as he leans on the stone bricks.
2nd Row; Several contenders incl. Ritchie Gray, Ian Evans, Parling but its Maestri and O'Connell for me with, Ritchie Gray on the Lions tour. (Ireland and France)
What followed over the tannoy was a sound like a low rasping saw being drawn across glass. A loud, long spiky retch. Ben had to try hard not to raise his hands to his ears to block out the terrible noise. It didn't seem to bother the others, so he had to show some nerve and resist. But God what a sound. And where was the train going? That part of the announcement... well, it didn't exist.
He was due to return home for R&R in April.
I had come home in the afternoon and seen that the bed wasn’t made up, but I really thought I had made it up before I left for work. I had the sneaking feeling a few more times over the next week or so and I finally took a picture before I left for work.
So while the USD is under pressure, flowing from concerns over its economic outlook and Europe is a continued and continual mess currencies of countries that are seen as either relatively more stable economically, like the Aussie, benefit from speculative buying.
Sept. 9 – Silverstone (LMS)
-Put off the flame and cool it down completely.
Then she lied down on the floor. She did not have the strength to crawl into bed.
Tomato Rice
Me: Hahaha.
My little ones have a sister and I know there will be fighting but hopefully they will grow up to be best of friends like they are mostly now too..
There were the obvious homages, like Woody Allen's Play It Again, Sam, Neil Simon's Bogart-tribute The Cheap Detective and the bad Sydney Pollack-Robert Redford collaboration Havana, but there also were subtler tributes.
The Geej has long enjoyed role-playing type play. She's had a variety of characters in the past--Lisa, Karla, and some mysterious creature named Norway come to mind. However, they were always just variations on a theme. Each one was an older "Mommy" character who (surprise!) worked where I work, was married to Daschel and had a baby named Sally. She is always dressed kind of fancy and wears high heeled shoes. She also likes talking on the cell phone and is harassed frequently by a very demanding boss.
New York’s Cadence magazine certifies him to be “a discovery, for he has a lovely warm tone and a clever imagination, but he can also blow for the borders.” Besides playing with Polish musicians Tomasz Stańko or Leszek Możdżer the Krakow-based saxophonist has worked with international stars like Greg Osby, Sam Rivers, Archie Shepp and Ted Curson.
That surprised me. I thought that the judge would have simply decided that there and then. In an article in the East Anglian Daily Times, Ruth, who used to work as a probation officer herself, had this to say about the job:
Stamps - Amazing Grace, Grow in Grace (Our Daily Bread Designs)
But in recent times, I've been more and more drawn back to a craft I love, to the act of creating things out of clay that will last for centuries. And I miss the people too. Potters are of many differing sorts, they make all manners of wares, some call themselves ceramicists, and ceramic artists, I'm not so concerned with those, but more with the artisans, the true potters who feel themselves to be part of a community.
I wish more consumers would stop being put off by the Germanic look of wines from this part of the world. I love German wines and know there is great drinking to be had from there, but even if you don’t not everything in a fluted bottle is Germanic in style – other than being relatively light and generally unoaked.
The kids go home but start to notice subtle differences, “Wasn’t the school painted blue, and not green?” and so on. As time goes on, the differences start piling up until there are radical changes, “Since when has my home been located on an island? Dad’s a cross dresser? Obama is Asian? Dragons?”
1. The International Collectibles & Antiques Fall Classic (held twice yearly at the Metrolina Expo Center). There are monthly shows as well, but we wanted to hit the "big" one (there's another one in March too)!!
and me !
Q for you: My inner critic is the perfectionist. What’s yours??
Recycling of the usual items PLUS E-waste, Batteries, etc.
The decorations were awesome. Hope really believes it's in the details, which she does a great job accenting.
The first approach leads to big, frowning books by the likes of Tom Devine and Michael Fry. The latter results in small, cheerful books such as Scotland: 1,000 Things You Need to Know, Edwin Moore’s valiant attempt to navigate the more trivial contours of enlightenment and clearances, crown and parliament, dirt and deity.
After lunch, we walked around the galleries and gourmet shops of downtown Carmel. I hadn't realized just how many lovely estate jewelry stores there were in town, very tempting! Still raining hard, we briefly drove to Carmel Valley and ran across an amazing dollhouse museum, before returning to Carmel for a pint and dessert at The Forge in the Forest where Kay's friend was working. Loved the copper walls of this little spot.
What? Those were celebrities? Okay.
Yes yes I know I haven't blogged in a zillion years. Been busy these few days filming a mini web series and now I've fallen sick. *cough cough*
ARE. YOU. FRICKIN. KIDDING. ME???!!!!!
She then introduced me to her sister Theresa (in the middle)...ohhh how she makes me laugh. She is such a nut and so very creative. She now sells her beautiful jewelry at the store I manage.
Hope you enjoyed! Have a great weekend.
Maybe this sounds cliche, but it's true. If you want to lose the baby weight (or ANY weight) you can't indulge ALL the time. But you can indulge sometimes :) I have my occasional Starbucks Frappuccino or yummy pastry. However, most of the time I now eat to fill my body with nutrients, NOT because I want to get pleasure or joy from the taste.
And the beer will more than likely be VB or Carlton Draught. Many were already onto their second or third pony of the stuff at the RSL bar by the time we got back to our car. It will be significant to them. It will mean something. And here’s the thing; for all the discussion and debate and sometimes anger over what many see as a glib or opportunistic promotion by CUB to ‘cash in’ on ANZAC Day with their ‘Raise A Glass’ Appeal and the money it donates to Returned and Services Leagues around the country, it means something.
2) God’s will is not lip service but instead it is the way that you live (actions)
Honor gets as far as the driveway before running into Rusty, Finn’s best friend since third grade and his polar opposite. She hasn’t seen Rusty in ages, but it’s obvious he is as arrogant and stubborn as ever—not to mention drop-dead gorgeous. Despite Honor’s better judgment, the two set off together on a voyage from Texas to California. Along the way, they find small and sometimes surprising ways to ease their shared loss and honor Finn’s memory—but when shocking truths are revealed at the end of
as we breath deeply:
in the sun on their private beach
It's my birthday on Monday and I am thinking about taking a little roadtrip for the weekend with some friends.
Perry, he is from Cicago, IL (not 45 mins from Kenosha). He is a photographer who photographed Chicago's Burlesque sweetheart, Michelle l'Amore when she first started to perform. A job moved him out to Phoenix, AZ about 5 years ago. It was at a Deke Dickerson Show he met another Burlesque performer. Perhaps you've heard of her... Miss Lolita Haze. New in town, Perry chatted up Miss Haze and they realized they both knew Michelle. The next day he emailed Haze, but she never emailed him back.
-In time we hate that which we often fear.
6) Grab my button and post a link to where it is (3 entries)
Anna and the Innkeeper are off on holiday. There are places in South Africa that we have not yet seen, and this year we are going to make a determined attempt to whittle the list down. So we will wend our way slowly upcountry, through the Karoo, the Free State, the Natal Midlands, the Transkei and so back to Wilderness. Along the way we intend stopping where we are moved to stop and take our time to explore the countryside. We have no bookings – glorious freedom to do what we want, when we want and go where we want.
LIKE THIS BAKING PAN......
Furthermore,being fully Compos Mentis due to the lack of the benefit of even a whisker of an alcoholic beverage,and being the last but one table to be served,these two had fully enjoyed the opportunity of witnessing the rest of the diners being served with their puds and having ample time to take in the attributes of said pudding in its full glory.
But the response to Simon Clark’s question (which I mentioned last night) has left me with little further doubt about the shattering effect the smoking ban has had on many people’s social lives. A sample:
Kelburn’s Derek Moore introduced his Cart Blanche. It had suffered a bit from being jugged up from the cellar and is at the lower end of an acceptable carbonation range. It does look a little drab next to the frothy lager and the opalescent wheat beer, but tastes more complex than the more approachable beers from WEST and Harviestoun. It’s enjoyable once you get used to the woody, earthy bitterness of it.
The thing is, when we have gone grocery shopping together, my husband and I both have given the kids small lists of 2 or 3 items that they go off and find themselves, and then bring back to our cart. They have not once gotten lost in doing so. I have not forced them to do this either; it’s something they both want to do. They like being given the freedom to choose which bananas, or which loaf of bread, we buy that day. We have allowed them to do this as a way of giving a bit of independence in small doses, in a low-risk setting. All of these facts combined played a part in the comfort level I felt about allowing my son to buy a gallon of milk, alone.
I don't like Brew Dog.
This story is character centric rather than based on a plot. It revolves around Gopi (Gopal) who is portrayed as person with mixed characters. Don’t we all have the same? A clean side and a darker one?
When the news arrives;
$145
Today I'll share three picture-taking rules/tips in regard to Layout:
b) Through Confession of Sin to God’s minister (a priest)
Candles are OK, but they don't get the job done and I am always afraid one of the evil cats will knock them over in a bid for freedom to escape their fur less monkey oppressors.
Has this ever happened to you? With what books? And what was it that caught you? __________________
_____I don't always drink beer. But when I do, I always lie about not always drinking beer. (funny beer quote)
The financial aid session will be part of the College Savings Plan Network meetings of 529 plan administrators. Both ofWisconsin’s 529 plans—EdVest and Tomorrow’s Scholar—are participants in the national network.
We all have our little morning rituals that we do as we prepare for the day. I like that the days are longer now. Not that I don’t like the dark of night. I do. There is something quite appealing about it for me. What I love though is being part of the transition when day kisses night goodbye and the darkness fades and new energy and new life is once again breathed into our existence.
To top it off, I checked the showtime Mr. LOC specified (the only reasonable one on Sunday), and it's the 3D version. I get motion sick on a swing. I got motion sick watching my ex play World of Warcraft. I'm not so sure I'm up for 2 hours in the theatre of things appearing to fly off the screen or whatever the heck it is the special effects/glasses get you. I of course replied already saying it looked like it was the 3D version, but I could give it a shot. But I've kind of had enough.
Tata Indigo Gemstones is a compact four door designed by Tata Motors The indian subcontinent. This kind of car is pretty popular among consumers and holds a good spot in the industry. So, at this point not one but two competitive sedans function together with Indian roads. Let’s look at cool features, specifications and also engine information of the two cars.
5. I can hula and even use poi balls, (my boys find it hilarious but I wont earn their respect until I light the poi balls on fire.)
What You Should Know About Computer Leasing
The half-assed selling out of
I went in yesterday because I thought I might be leaking fluid. I was and since I may have been leaking for a few days, they wanted me to do what I could to get labor going. "Natural" stimulation helped to get labor started but after a couple of hours of slow going we decided to go ahead and start pitocin. I was pretty anxious about that but over all it wasn't too bad. I think the pit. was started between 3 and 4 pm. It was uncomfortable but I was able to manage. I only had about three or four contractions where I was visibly in distress and they were between 6:45 and 7:00. I only pushed through two contractions and she was out.
A: The key missing word here is "can." Where you enter the ladder can indicate how far you're going up it. And, yes, I feel it's better to enter the game with a strong hand. I wanted my first book to be published by a major New York publisher in hardcover. I felt if I were published by a small press and/or as a paperback original, I'd have that much more ground to cover. Several friends of mine did start with paperback originals and went on to considerable success--Harlan Coben and Laura Lippman spring immediately to mind-so what's good for the goose isn't necessarily good for the gander. It's all relative. My way is just my way, it's not the way.
1 gas-light
I will make use of Artscroll’s translation, with the Yad Avraham, as well as Pinhas Kehati’s commentaries.
Amalia is a natural born show jumper, the sky is her limit so of course I could not say no.
The internal fitting of the building will take place over the coming weeks.
Testimony of Gods work, faithfulness is always an encouragement.
Can we be friends?
Some of us seem more jacked in than others. Turn your television on for five minutes. See what the news entails nowadays. Find out what is happening via Twitter. Learn of a subject by Stumbling upon it. Keep up with friends via Facebook, but heaven forbid they call you and have you over for tea one afternoon. Forget about a beer on Friday evening. Use wikipedia. Look up that word date. It’s a great place to start…
After all, the agency boys won't cause a stink. They still keep 35% of my budget. That's better than nothing, and after working with me for a week or so, they learn to adjust their forecasts. They just have to fire someone every time there's a fuck-up. And what's the problem with that?
Okay, by for now. I’ve got some leftover flank steak that we’ll use to make salads of for dinner. My diet has included a lot of lettuce, and if any more is consumed, there is a good chance I’ll turn into a bunny rabbit. You knew my high school mascot was a bunny, didn’t you?
Share a picture that means TOGETHER to you!
Then came my introduction into blogging and through blog rolls I found so many amazing blogs based out of Canada. From the blogs I came to discover some of my favorite magazines: Style at Home and House & Homeand of course my love for Canada followed into TV and I now need to catch every episode of Sarah’s House.
smiled
Upon tasting it, I could not help myself from comparing it to cow’s milk Brie. There was more similarity than difference. It was milder and different, but not in a bad way.
Then - bizarre and surreal - there's a business-as-usual statement about the economy. As though all this is just a blip and everything is going to be fine.
He ended the interview calling on Singaporeans to reflect upon themselves:
Then, according to Zimmerman, Trayvon said, ‘Well now you do,’ and unexpectedly punched Zimmerman in the face, knocking him to the ground.
I do not want people to defend their choice of mainstream government schooling to me...I don't care...Nothing anyone could say would make me think that public school is a good idea.
The Boboli Gardens are usually open until 7:30 PM, it’s up to you to take a walk through the gardens or just head to your last dinner in Florence until your next time!
As they open out I am reminded of those wonderful Dutch still life paintings with amazing dark backgrounds, this one is by Kuss Ferdinand.
Ellen summed up the author’s dilemma beautifully when she wrote: ‘I have to think I’m damned good, or I’d give up.’ And it’s true. Self-belief is important, and it’s so hard to hang onto and when something good comes along to reinforce it, then why not share it?
Here’s the DT’s projects for this week.
This week we have a theme challenge for you to work on, and when you come back to submit your entry you will probably see a few little nips and tucks all over the blog. Fear not, we will still be bringing fantastic challenges to you week after week in 2011!
The book was realistic. In the sense that the scenarios were all down-to-earth, possible and believable. Everything in the book was as real as fact. It was very true to what would have most likely happened in real life.
Mike’s first test drive saw the ED mobile make it to the pits before the car failed to accelerate up to speed. The car would idle fine, however, it would not accelerate it was “dysfunctional”.
Digistamp Boutique digi ~ Louie and cupcake coloured with promarkers & flexmarkers
many of you will have read the details of Derek Clark's attempt to stave off being booted out by members of his own regional party - who are in complete despair and hold him in utter contempt!
Anthony joined the second intake of trainees at Create Greater Manchester. He had made mistakes in life but was 100% ready to turn his life around:
Back to the summit, over the course of two days attendees will learn about SEO, community building and management, creating quality video content, mobile social trends, how small businesses can harness the power of social media and other hot topics.
At a recent Binghamton gas-…
"We haven't reviewed the accident report from the police," Mr. Switenky said.
5.) Abolish the current tax code… in favor of a new consumption based tax code at the local level of government all the way up to the federal government. use a national sales tax and use tax to pay for all governmental costs other than carbon (gas tax) and other user taxes that are paid by the users. Abolish the death tax. go to a new Workforce Labor tax of 15% of your gross receipts (whether 1099 or employee) and as such this 15% would be placed into a secure and permanent fund that would issue each worker and contributor a voucher for their use on an allocated formula to purchase the following benefits, (healthcare, retirement, disability and unemployment) insurance from qualified and regulated private vendors approved by the US Government. This would then create a matching 15% dividend investment tax on all profits for individuals and as such give parity to the concept of what workers pay and the rich. The national sales tax would ensure that everyone is paying their fair share of the cost of government, which is not meant to be draconian just fair. Obviously we would need to exempt certain items like groceries, insurance, healthcare, etc. from the tax. The abolishment of the local property tax system in favor of a voucher system of your local sales tax expenditures would go to the cost of education and give consumers choices in the quality of their children’s education. A flat 3% gross receipts tax for corporations that have 3 employees or less and have revenue of less then $1M per year and 5% of corporations over $1M per year. Reducing all the gaming of the current system.
Sam might well be saying, I told you so.
So, what is my pagecount?
The key to successful yogurt-making is maintaining a constant lukewarm temperature, from 100°F to 110°F, for 4 to 10 hours. Because slow cookers aren’t designed to only make yogurt, temperatures may vary from slow cooker to slow cooker and unless you slow cooker has a warm setting, it will probably be too hot. However, you can still use your slow cooker to make yogurt. Place your milk mixture in the slow cooker and heat on the low setting for about 2 or 3 hours. Turn off the slow cooker. Stir in your starter. Replace the lid and cover the slow cooker with a heavy towel. Do not turn your slow cooker back on. Let sit for about 8 hours and you have yogurt. Be sure to refrigerate the finished yogurt for about 2 hours before using.
She was told they were right on schedule. I was a bit skeptical, but we got there, right on time, and lo and behold, there were very few people there; a bit miraculous for a mid-afternoon appointment.
Then I thought of all the other terrible parts of the city, from our mayor, to Etobicoke, to the amount of people violently railing against the very progressive majority and it dawned on me that I love every part of this city and even though I can see it’s failures, I will defend the failures and the rest of the city against any yokel from Kitchener or Whitby or Oakville that tried to downplay how great this city is.
failure is optional.
"He who owns this diamond will own the world, but will also know all its misfortunes. Only God, or a woman, can wear it with impunity."
There’s nothing in the boot, I seethed, nothing. Get back behind the bloody wheel.
I was scared about the first day but I am going to be honest it's been super easy. I wasn't expecting this at all.
It is with great pleasure that I announce that, after a 6 month hiatus from pipettes and buffers, I have resumed experimental activities today. I could have never guessed how happy I would be about this development.
Catering: Whitney Polkinghorne
- Sealed
That one don't say much. Your friend.
“Do you?” he said, as a question to the question.
I'm supposed to tell you seven things about me. Well, I only did that a couple of posts ago and I'm not sure I can come up with seven more.
They bowed their heads the death to feel:
He asked if I could ask Annika to be Mickes girlfriend for him.
In the last decade, the National Consortium of Academic Health Centers for Integrative Medicine, which was formed to promote and support integrative medicine in medical schools, has ballooned from eight member institutions to 51. That list includes top academic names, like Harvard University, Johns Hopkins and the Mayo Clinic.
In a typical modern birth, the release of natural oxytocin is replaced by an intravenous drip of synthetic oxytocin, while an epidural analgesia is a substitute for the physiological systems of protection against labour pain, particularly the release of endorphins. Until now pharmacological assistance in childbirth has been based on a simplistic principle, which is hormonal replacement. Even if, in the near future, the basic needs of labouring women are universally accepted, and even if non-pharmacological methods for facilitating the physiological processes develop, one cannot imagine the end of pharmacological assistance in childbirth.
The last few chapters were really fantastic. Christopher defines holy sexuality. He tears a part the gay rationalization. He finally realizes that, “The more I studied the Bible, the more I learned that loving God was not how I felt or what I thought…Knowing and loving God, both, are all about obedience.”
One of the biggest problems in novels I see is over-explaining. You don't need to explain everything. In fact, it's better if you don't. Let the reader gradually discover the background of the main characters.
Eyjafjallajökull is merely responding to a ripple in the mid-Atlantic ridge.
Maria’s Traditional “Moussaka”, Eggplant With Minced Meat And Bechemal
Happy shopping to all you shoppers out there! :)
I’ve deliberately not compared our tactics, manager or situation to any other team. Mainly because I know that there are 89 other teams in the football league who are in a worse off situation than The Arsenal. But there can not be many fans as frustrated as Arsenal’s.
I turned and the clock flashes 11:11 (the date my mom passed away), rainbows shine with the blink of an eye, I think of someone and they appear... these are all synchronistic events which play a major role in my creativity. I incorporate these occurrences into my works.
The vehement opposition of residents surrounding the proposed park means very little to the Parks department or the parks board. The issue of a huge landfill across the river, which smells very bad in the summer, is not an issue either.
"The Roswell Tiara"
cya soon hugs mandy xx
Thank you to the people who have emailed and direct messaged me offering their appreciation for the comment I made in response to Kim's apology on Effortless Anthropologie. I still believe in the transformative power of the truth and the potential for forgiveness. And I hope this situation doesn't jade us, but rather make us smarter, more cautious, and more learned.
Alarms are set but much too soon.
Compared to deep-fried butter, this recipe is downright healthy. Compared to a salad, not so much. My inspiration for this recipe actually comes from Brazilian-style croquettes, which are normally made with beef. However, I wanted to use ingredients that Americans might enjoy. Could I do it? I'll let you decide.
The spiritual & natural mind are special King James Bible terms. They are part of us. The mind I’m speaking of here is the data processing mind that we have. It absorbs data day and night.
They were saying, “Hey, we’re going to kill you if you don’t hand over your money.”
We won fair and square. And by over 300 points. Boo YA!
Back at the Slutensuite, Ben started getting that “fuck you shut up face” which made me think he was forcing himself to drink to go through with this. I mean, Ben is a good dude in my experience with him. He knew that he was at a vital crossroads. I mean, here you are in a man’s dream scenario, where all you need to do is hand women a card from Chris Harrison and they verbally commit to having sex with you. Only Ben knows he isn’t picking Sally Field and so he feels kind of bad about taking her to the hottubbenshag.
I am a day late in doing my dishcloth challenge update as yesterday evening we had Caoimhe's first Confession.
With these traits generally replicated across cultures and nations, it indicates a biological origin in nature.
It is understood that the prosecution will appeal.
Btw-- in case you can't tell from my "Hipstamatic" photos-- I got an IPhone for Christmas! It's a huge step up from the archaic flip-phone that I formerly used. . . I'm so excited!
We made our way home. They went in the house and I had a mini meltdown in the van.
One pundit observed this morning on Breakfast telly, slightly tongue in cheek, that Lib Dems should be gratified to be in a position after so long whereby they finally get to be on the receiving end of a mid-term kicking. It’s doubtful however that many activists will be overly taken by the novelty of it all.
Brodsky again asked about the appropriate relationship between public and private investment.
If you had to go back and do it all over, is there any aspect of Dawn of Angels or getting it published that you would change?
Thankful for the laughs and smiles you bring to my day
14 working
Nous espérons que vous êtes déjà allé consulter le site Web de notre prochain congrès qui aura lieu à Canmore, en Alberta, du 14 au 16 mai. Si ce n’est pas encore fait… à vos souris!
Make a thick sticky liquid with sugar and vinegar.
What is the most recent book you've read that you absolutely loved?
3. Pray for Lakin. God has been growing and maturing his heart in preparation for this adoption by leaps and bounds. Pray that God will continue to develop him into a protective and loving big brother and that God will continue to make room in his heart to share with a little sister.
10 Why Do Fools Fall in Love
Here is another photo of quilters hard at work. The margarita glasses were unfortunately used for Diet Coke!
You’re a dance in Bali.
Mix-match. Ask anyone what my room looks like–I wouldn’t be able to find matching socks if I tried.
I wonder if I’ll be able to go.
Asgard Park by Ronald Simonar
I love me some Secret Santa and when Ashley, Crystal, and Emily mentioned a blogger secret santa through their Holly Jolly Xmas Swap, I was so in! I have really been enjoying connecting with SO many wonderful bloggers and thought this would be a great way to meet some more! And I was definitely right!
The matrix of stories told by Hindi films has more or less remained the same. There have been some bold variations on the same theme, but no major departures. Because we are a nation of great storytellers and the stories in Hindi films are a continuity of the mythology and folklore that nourish our roots. And every time we visit a Hindi film, we tend to visit our roots again and again to refresh and enrich ourselves and to find solace and identity in them. Hence, the same stories, the same relationships, the same conflicts, the same values, the same scenes. The irony is that in spite of the predictability, the audience expects to be surprised every time. And that has always been a challenge for every writer, filmmaker and actor. How to surprise the audience while offering the same meal day after day, film after film? This is where one begins to admire the talent of actors like Dilip Kumar and Amitabh Bachchan who still manage to entertain and enthrall while working within such confinement. Hollywood is not confined by such obligations. The challenge gets worse for other, less talented actors who have to face a benchmark like Dilip Kumar. They are left with no choice but to ape him and let him burgle his way into their performances. Actors like Naseeruddin Shah did make some courageous efforts to find a new route, but while his craft was admired, the Big Burglar remained unchallenged.
- this interpretation sees the ‘Great Trek’ as merely the bursting of the dam that had bottled such migrations up for over 2 generations.
He dropped a few names, but in his defense there were like 60 some odd little pieces of paper to pick out of...
In light and in darkness wear the crown of glory with pride.
When Pineda-Moreno was arrested and charged, one piece of evidence was the GPS data, including the longitude and latitude of where the Jeep was driven, and how long it stayed. Prosecutors asserted the Jeep had been driven several times to remote rural locations where agents discovered marijuana being grown, court documents show.
3) Set up the music studio in the basement and record some tunes. My husband has amassed a lot of equipment and recording together is something we've been talking about for years. This is the time to make it happen.
At least 115 other countries have financial intelligence units according to the membership rolls of the Egmont Group.
I'm so discouraged, God. The mountain seems to grow, not shrink. It would be so much easier to quit.
The answer hit me in the back........ like a bullet, a grenade......
1½ cups rice wine vinegar
04 Rendezvous 6:02
This is Orwellian reasoning, and were it coming from the mouths of the well-known players of the Bush administration (say Rumsfeld or Ashcroft), the left would quickly condemn it. As it stands, however, there’s been relatively little public outcry over this flagrant violation of Constitutionally guaranteed rights outlined in the 5th Amendment, which states clearly that the government cannot deprive citizens of life or liberty without due process, regardless of suspected criminal activity.
As the water level recedes in some towns, people are going back to see if there is anything left of their homes----and there it was---good Aussie humour in the face of adversity----someone put a sign on a fence---"Missing---three goldfish. Last seen swimming in their bowl two days ago"
So anyway... Here is the Lucky in Love Onesie Tute! Enjoy!
"Never. All those years of practice, that's why I always win." Frankie raised the cup to his lips, and before drinking, he shook his head and added, "Silly Americans. Part-time Catholics indeed. What was it that you once wrote - there is no such thing as partial faith - there is either total faith or no faith?"
Nor does my hair look very good on Skype.
and circumstances. One of the things that makes this a
This next image has a very classical pose, executed perfectly by Holly. In this and the previous image I have removed some planks of wood screwed to the wall using the new Content-Aware fill feature of Photoshop, it actually works quite well, and can save a lot of time in cleaning up backgrounds.
Everything around us may change, but God’s Word will never change. The greatest book ever written to the family is still the Bible. “Jesus spoke these words … ‘Father … Sanctify them by Your truth. Your Word is truth’” (Jn. 17:1,17).
Yes, that is becoming my mantra today “If I had my phone…” I’ve found myself singing “Where mi keys? Where mi phone?” a few times today also.
“Amy pinned this amazing couch to her decor board, because it’ll just be PERFECT for that beach house she owns in her dreams.”
I’ve been looking forward to this book for months! Miranda came to prominence after taking part in the Great British Bake Off in 2010. She was a finalist along with Ruth Clemens and Edd Kimber – the eventual winner. I wanted all three of them to win.
And the bell tower sings into the rainy night
Think about it. Did you have a hard time loving your kindergarten teacher? She had to be quite a beast for you not to love her, didn’t she? If she was pleasant and kind, you loved her. If she was pretty and in every way lovely, you probably adored her. That’s because it comes naturally for human beings. Love is as natural as breathing. Maybe even more natural, since breathing stops and love transcends. We were made for love, it comes naturally, and it’s easy! What a good deal!
SanJAsKa: Indeed dear one. You have all now entered the most difficult testing period of your ‘time’. You are now being faced with a clear choice dear one. Many of you are now at the stage where you must choose, once and for all, if you wish to ascend to the heavenly realms and give up your attachments to 3D, or if you wish to stay in 3D with all of the material things it has to offer that you still find attractive. This is the most difficult period, and this is why we did in fact wish to be with you at this time. However, we know that many of you have taken over so to speak, and are doing much of the energetic and spiritual work yourselves. This is why we have felt comfortable with letting you all see your personal ascensions, rather than us explaining everything to you.
'Cause the joy of the Lord is real
Stuart-Ware seems to either think Love leader Arthur Lee’s talent and musical legacy will somehow be diminished by exposing a sarcastic, rude side to his personality or this is just a big payback for all of the drummers’ problems with Arthur. I’m not condoning any arrogant behavior by Arthur toward his band mates or fans, but it is obvious to me the drummer hasn’t gotten over the fact that he didn’t become rich and famous with Love. The drummer feels unappreciated (your kidding!), and thinks it was the collective strength of the musicians in the band that brought them to their peak.
Salena Lima
So I breathe in, whilst at the same time thinking -
truth, there will be an almost overnight shift in the fear powered
Label: Double Dekker
Actually, Mommy bought his kiddy briefs when Mommy was still pregnant with him. You may be wondering why Mommy bought them so early? Because that time, Tesco came up with her new clothes brand, Southfield and Tesco sold them cheaply as introductory price.
'In a statement, Mr Ahmad's family claimed he was so badly injured after his release from police custody that "we could not even embrace him".
A: Of course I'm on Facebook!! *L* I use it to keep in touch with my customers as well as my family. My Facebook biz is at: http://www.facebook.com/pages/Haverhill-MA/East-Coast-Tropics/156911513791
First up today is the rumoured attempt by Arsenal to hijack Man United’s attempts to sign Dortmund’s Shinji Kagawa. He’s a bloody useful little player – quick feet and bags of invention. I highly doubt that this is anything more than a bit of news intended to ensure United act quickly in sealing the deal, so I won’t be getting my hopes up. Nice idea, though. He’s one of the types of player I’d like to see Arsenal go for.
Stir in the vanilla with a wooden spoon. Add the eggs one at a time, stirring vigorously after each one. When the batter looks thick, shiny, and well blended, add the flour and stir until you cannot see it any longer, then beat vigorously for 40 strokes with the wooden spoon or a rubber spatula. Spread evenly in the lined pan.
Conch Villaheights was on the outermost edge of the Conch and nowhere near the scenic region. It was a dated, rundown building on the verge of urban decay. As she neared the building Tina checked her wrist meter and noticed a dip in positive energy production. If there was a noticeable decline over a block away, she wondered how bad it would be at the actually investigation site. The Villaheight was a restored relic. Some of its columns and window trim were actual Indiana limestone, quarried from nearby Bloomington, but most of the stone work was now synthetic and looked better than the original, which were pitted and stained beyond repair. Tina walked up the graded entrance to the foyer doors and tapped a key on the klantien cover beneath the building's grid number. The cover opened on invisible hinges and Tina leaned in, checking the codes. She waved her wrist over the instrument and checked the readings next to her personal meter. Not good. This building had not only fallen below negative output, it was now sucking life from the surrounding blocks.
... McWhorter said community members without children in local schools need to consider some of the benefits of having a good school system in their area, including the increase of property values.
I want to feel, I want to dance, I want to soar…
The admin staff were as good as ever: polite, caring, and accessible. And the doctors too did their level best to engage with patients and visitors. The problem lay, very obviously, with the standard of nursing.
I find inspiration in the oddest of places. Sometimes it's a news story or article I've read, maybe it's someone on Oprah, it could be from reading a friend's post on Facebook even. But my most recent bout of inspiration came from the tv show Ugly Betty. It may not be the best show on tv - it can be predictable and sometimes I feel embarassed for the characters (a personal trait of mine that I don't like), but Betty is a 20-something who knows what she wants and has goals. After many months of pondering what I want to accomplish I decided to write down my goals for 2010. I really don't know what I want long term other than health and happiness, so for now I have a list of about 15 short term goals. Most revolve around cleaning and organization, but I also want to read more, watch less tv, make healthier meals, walk Gizmo more, volunteer or make charitable donations, and establish date nights for Dean and me. I didn't really create goals for Ryan because his milestones will come when he's ready, I'm more concerned that he laughs each day - so I guess that's goal 16 - make Ryan laugh each day.
Jintan: We… Wee… ell.. Come!!
As you can see Dad loves fishing. Even if Spider Lake still alludes him…
So, where do you start? If you have some spare chicken wire or old pallets lying around, build yourself a small enclosure. If you don't have an enclosure, don't worry! Just make your pile wherever you want it (out of the direct sunlight is best, but NOT necessary,) and add your scraps as you get them. I add all my kitchen scraps (no meat, just plant material,) all the vegetation that comes out of the garden, and any leaves that are floating around the yard. Each time I start a new pile, I add a garbage bag of straw and chicken manure I get from a friend when she cleans out the chicken coop.
I finished this book a few days ago and I’m still thinking about it. I think this is one that will stay with me for a while.
Her answer was that she didn’t want to get a grant because she was a woman, she wanted to get a grant because her proposal was the best.
I left the house in a pretty bad mood earlier. Don't ask why, I'm not entirely sure where it all went downhill from the time I woke up totally happy, but spiral downward it did.
As I walked past he nodded at me and curtly pronounced 'we'll have the main courses now'.
Recipe - Digi - Crafty Moments
The other conclusion I have come to is that such interventions may not be as important for Polly as they are for Pip. As Ava has brought to my attention repeatedly, it’s easy to think that addressing the patterns of gender inequality means altering how women operate in the world. But the reality is that the practices and habits of men drive the reproduction of these patterns. As beneficiaries of these inequalities, men bear greater power and responsibility for acknowledging and changing these patterns than is often recognized. For me living up to this responsibility means creating our interventions with Pip in mind as much as Polly. If Pip grows up sensitive to the historical practices of exclusion and obstruction that determine the unequal nature of the opportunities with which he and Polly are respectively presented in life, then perhaps he can further contribute to the type of cumulative cultural adjustment necessary to eliminate from our world the specter of the false choice and all the associated injustices that still haunt women today.
I'll try to post some photos soon. They are unbelievable.
Johnny Ryan: Where do you see the future of the industry (in terms of growth, application, and impact over the next 5, 10 and 15 years)?
John: "Because it's my uniform."
Again, it would be easy to think that McFadden is approaching the end of his time as a football player.
Kids In the Kitchen
I read the paperback version of The London Train, published by Harper Perennial, which contains an interesting essay by Hadley about her early days as a writer and another one about the process of writing The London Train. These were a bonus.
In addition to the almost 50,000 estimated to have died in Mexico’s drug violence, another 10,000 have disappeared without a trace. Many of these, Elijah is convinced, are the victims of Satanic rituals that require human sacrifice.
I’m not ready for that.
It wasn’t long before “Ring, Ring, RI-I-I-NG. Ring, Ring, RI-I-I-NG. The phone once again began to ring.
E:i am afraid of snakes
And the shelf waiting for more tomatoes......
I went exploring downtown looking for record stores, only to find two holes in the wall that didn't even open until 11am, so I just grabbed a chai and bagel to wait awhile. To waste more time, I went on the hunt for a new tshirt that didn't cost 25 bucks because I was painfully aware that the one I had on was too small for my pudgy tits.
How obnoxious should an author be? How loud should we shout about our successes, good reviews, foreign publishing deals? Does self-promotion make us look like big-headed show-offs, or needy and desperate? And which platforms are appropriate for what kind of promotion? Sometimes one feels like this vuvuzela-blasting man in New York, loud, irritating and embarrassing, trying to wake up an oblivious world.
There seems to be a bit of a buzz about bookshops at the moment - those independents which are bursting with individuality and character as well as offering a great selection of reads. The first thing I noticed was The Guardian's Independent Bookshop guide back in September. Then there was a post by Jen Campbell saying she wanted to write a series of 'spotlights' to help spread 'the joy of physical bookshops'. You can read the first of her posts about Ripping Yarns here, the bookshop where Jen herself works.
Now onto today's post! (WARNING: This post is text heavy but there is a picture at the end to reward you for reading, hehe!)
Alexandra isn’t just some bloodsucking damsel in distress, though. She’s on a mission to save her people—and she’s dead certain that Winn’s family legacy is the only way. Luckily, aside from grace and class, she also has a stubborn streak a mile wide. So like it or not, Winn is going to come back with her to the mountains of Transylvania, and while he’s at it, change his opinions about vampires, demon-hunting, and who exactly deserves shooting. And if she has her way, he’s going to do his darnedest to save the world
You inspect
If you have refrigerated the dough overnight, remove it from the refrigerator 1 to 2 hours before you want to bake the cookies. (It’s a dense, rich dough, and once it’s very cold, it takes a little while to soften enough to slice without shattering.) Position racks in the upper and lower thirds of the oven, and preheat to 350 degrees Fahrenheit. Line two baking sheets with parchment paper or silicone liners.
More importantly, why is it up to critics to point out a basic fact? The article began:
Roughly chop the tomatoes, apples and onions and place in a large pot. I didn't bother peeling the apples. Bring to the boil and simmer for approx 30 minutes until the fruit is soft and pulpy. The original recipe say to push the mix through a sieve, but I used Mum's mouli, which was really easy and produced a great result. It is also what she used, and I thought you might like to admire that fab orange, yeoww!
Today i have an Orly polish called Royal Velvet and i think that i have found my favorite polish. It isn't anything sparkly or breathtakingly awesome but it is my two favorite colors in one polish! I don't have anything like this at all and i am so glad i bought this. It went on fairly smooth and needed about 3 coats to be fully opaque. So here it is!
Neither picture is mine, they are spectacular and I hope we get similar views, but all credit belongs HERE.
If the bin isn't emptied, then I have to struggle to get it in and out of the garden several times until the next collection date, while the bin gets heavier with more things being added.
BUT.... Not any time soon... Because I now have strep throat, which is weird because I rarely even leave the house, and wash my hands constantly. *sigh*
a Woman who has been nothing short of spectacular to
1. This position is primarily to work on enhancements for the Client’s critical application.
maybe even my dream rectangle dining table.
I liked the owner's philosophical attitude. As far as he was concerned, as long as Bob got the job done, that was all that mattered. It was such a contrast to the modern workplace, where HR departments rigorously do everything they can to observe employment law and equal opportunities legislation, but often end up with an environment that doesn't accommodate people's eccentricities.
The petition submitted by the SFC and others argues that the blackout rule is perverse, “anti-consumer and anti-fan.” The group argues that in a time of persistently high unemployment, sluggish economic growth and consumer uncertainty,”even one blackout is too much.”
Next in a large skillet I started to melt the butter, while this was melting I cut up the pineapple and banana. After the butter was melted I added the pineapple and the sugar, salt, and vanilla extract. When the sugar was melted I added the banana and cooked until the sugar was boiling lightly. Then I removed the fruit from the heat and sat aside.
END epic mini series,the follow up to THE PILLARS OF THE EARTH. HOLLYWOOD SPY has asked Simon about his impressions from the sets of these two projects, and he gave us his answers, being extremely kind and nice.
Will be interested to see what you guys think and what games you would recommend to get people started?
Cheating God!
Sometimes for the better, most for the worse it seems.
Last night I got to celebrate the 1 year anniversary of meeting the man of my dreams ... then meeting his beautiful husband (that's my shout out to Alanis who has a new album coming out!). Sadly my darling bartender had the night off, so I had to drink my water alone in his honor. Oh the gossip - the gossip was dished, and crazy enough that is what helped me get this big weight off my shoulders! (Dirty little secret no more!) And best of all - I wasn't even there to participate in it. I was down the bar talking to a charming fellow instead. Yep. So things are turning around! I shed not a single tear today. I smiled all day instead! Halle-freaking-lujah!!
I started the process with the iBookstore in early November. It is now almost March and I've gotten nowhere. It took months to get it "approved" for publication. Now I am in a tangled web of insanity with their amazingly unhelpful "iBookstore Team" to get it uploaded.
“Even in a formal dining room you don't want to be ponderous or gloomy. Eating is really one of your indoor sports. You play three times a day, and it's well worthwhile to make the game as pleasant as possible.”
I cannot begin to describe what a fantastic experience i had at the Urban Sketching Symposium in Lisbon. I had the opportunity to meet so many amazing people from all over the globe. All of us sharing the same passion for capturing the world around us.
We popped into this bar, located on Polk St in Russian Hill, for a quick half – Sierra Nevada - and to pick up a T-shirt for my brother in law as he wanted a new one; he and my sister got very drunk in that bar last time they were in San Francisco. It’s a pleasant locals bar, a dark interior with a pool table and run by a young friendly couple.
Spiritual limbo to me is knowing what I will never return to, but am unable, or find it relatively difficult, to find anything to replace it.
There is, of course, a lesson in all this. First they deprived Arabs of any democratic rights and now they are coming for even the Zionist left. Such is the logical outcome of Zionist nationalist zealotry. It consumers its own in its desire for an ethnically ‘pure’ Israeli nation state and a continuous wave of colonial expansion.
I always love to begin the year with a bouquet of fresh flowers to brighten the first days of January with their beauty and sweet fragrance. Apparently Franny seems to like this tradition as well.
So while I see this buildup of Armageddon happening in the world, I don’t believe it is a forgone conclusion. The possibility is there, on one side, it is happening. There could very possibly be a revolution in this country. The corporations are not going to want to give up their power easily, no matter what the people want.
A Winter Vignette
How does this related to red blood, I hear you ask? Well, maybe not, since on the whole people who read writing blogs are pretty smart, so you've probably already figured it out. ANYway.
June 14, 2009 Special Dispatch No.2401
Well, our little two person Hibachi wasn't good enough for mi esposo.
The shops, design and décor of the airport emphasises wealth. Our lay-over was for three hours. The more I sat around doing nothing in the airport terminal, the more I wanted to explore the area. By the time we boarded at 9.00 am, the outside temperature was already 29 degrees.
Just for kicks and giggles, here are a few more interesting video clips similar to the Social Media Revolution.
08-Eliminators - Doho
I also made his card and mostly everything followed the blue, black, white, and kraft paper scheme :)
Interestingly, while checking my spelling of ascendent, I find that back in 1997 Ecology itself was looking for a new “more robust central paradigm” to counter the “prevailing mechanistic paradigms of ecology” and was looking at, among other things, complexity theory – in a book called Ecology, the Ascendent Perspective Robert E. Ulanowicz.
Pradip’s inspired idea was to create the Dip-Bahan, a faster, lighter rickshaw and then, under a microfinance model, allow pullers to buy the rickshaw and repay the loan in 18 months, on a daily basis. When banks refused to finance production of the new Dip-Bahans, Pradip went to businesses and cleverly got them to invest by giving them deeply discounted ad rates on the backs of the rickshaws. Once the puller owns his rickshaw, he can double his income and begin to pull himself and his family out of poverty. Pradip also finances uniforms, shoes, licenses, health and accident insurance, and photo ID cards under the same microfinance model, to bring respect, safety and camraderie to the profession.
(E) None of the above
Or overcome it
Now that SHINE is finished, I can imagine the future again and new ideas for books are already competing for attention in my brain. I wonder what I'm going to learn from the next one.
This is the west edge of the area. The grass is in our neighbors' yard. Under the basket is a leadplant. The beautyberry bush was already planted a few years ago. I moved some joe pye weed from the east front bed next to it. I have volunteers coming up in the tubs, but have also moved some marigolds that self sowed in our garden last year to some of the tubs.
I literally jazz-hand-ed and shimmied all over my living room.
Some years after visiting the elephant sanctuary I had a call from the parents of a school friend to say that she had been on a safari in Africa and had been trampled by a rogue elephant. She survived but the way she spoke about the experience afterwards was as if she had collided with an ancient God-like force. It is rare for an elephant to attack a human in this way, but I think that our fascination with elephants in life and mythology is because of this combination of potential power and gentleness (despite the enormous size of their feet, an elephant’s footfall can hardly be heard).
my soul does not
In all, Top 8 proves to be a read that's not only fun but makes you think a little, too, about the technology you use in your life.
Anything your heart desires
1. Seven Bridges Road
I definitely have another dinner idea, which should hold me over until I can find a few more things to make. I plan on making it this week, after I pick up some tomatoes. Because it wouldn’t be chili without it!
As law-abiding and not terribly brave senior citizens, we had opted out of Bersih 2 when it was banned, pronounced illegal, KL on lockdown etc. This time, like so many others, we decided we had to show our support for clean and fair elections. Needless to say we did not expect trouble, but prepared for it nevertheless - salt, wet towel etc in a backpack. We were confident the crowd would be disciplined and the police restrained after the debacle of Bersih 2.
Where are my reinforcements Father?
With all thats been going on here lately we totally furgot a big event! Uncle puppy turned 2!!! Can you believe it? We sure can not. So pretend this is 3/1/12 and help us celebrate!!!
High speed DNA cannot live in a field of it’s opposite. There is so much responsibility that comes with raising your vibration. The first responsibility is to yourself. What is amplified for the highest good, will break down equally as fast. This is truly a power point for the Ascending Human!! Also, a major choice point. You either state within yourself… yes, I am taking the game as far as I vibrationally can…or you say, nope, this is as far as I am going in this lifetime. Yes there are casualties of choices here, but I am not going to talk about them.
The swollen battery fix: Oh, you want to know how to fix your swollen battery!? Okay, you get some Torx screwdrivers, and open up the battery. Inside, you’ll see six flat silver envelopes. Get a pin. Go to a very well-ventilated place, hold your breath – and prick a small hole in each swollen envelope. There will be a great rush of toxic vapours, probably fluoridated gases with high climate forcing potential, the atmosphere will sag unhappily, and the end of the world will come a little closer. (Okay, I exaggerate slightly.) Put a little bit of tape over the pinholes. Internal gases should still escape, but tape might slow down any oxidation of battery contents (this is purely speculative). Re-assemble battery. Your problem should be solved, although from now on, the continual imperceptible slow release of God alone knows what toxic vapours from your lap will be adding slack to your mortal coil.
One Amazing Thing - Chitra Divakaruni
Pepperoni slices
sleep.
Speaking of excitement, at these levels the competition tends to be quite exciting. No you won't find any high school athletes running 9.58, 43.50, or 3:28.00 or jumping 28 feet or vaulting 19 feet - but you will find them giving their all and competing to the end. You will see 100 meter races that need to be separated by the photo finish. You will see stirring come from behind victories on the final lap of the mile, or final jump or throw on the field. And you will see tons of youthful exuberance as a young kid improves her best from 56.00 to 54.99 in the 400 or his best from 4:14 to 4:09 in the mile!
People are hard-wired to enjoy positive reinforcement. And, well, play is fun.
Republican candidates received at least three times more cash than Democratic candidates. Top Congressional recipients include:
There's been a lot going on in our little family lately. House stuff, bronchitis for the big man, fever for the little man. One stressed out tired Mama. When everything settles I'll be sure to write more. I have so much to write, so much to share...
It's the first challenge of the month, which means we have a new sponsor. Please help me welcome Fresh Brewed Designs!
I would love to see how anyone else’s turns out if you try it!!
I have another child who I think truly believes that multiplication is straight from the devil! Is it???
"The boy and his father went to visit one of the boy's friends on Friday night. The friend, 19, is my daughter's boyfriend and lives across the road from us. My son, 17, and daughter also went to the friend.
Therefore Adoni-Zedek king of Jerusalem sent to Hoham king of Hebron, Piram king of Jarmuth, Japhia king of Lachish, and Debir king of Eglon, saying, “Come up to me and help me, that we may attack Gibeon, for it has made peace with Joshua and with the children of Israel.”
to be a mama.
Trying to think back to how my mindset was at sixteen and comparing it to this book, I would walk away with one conclusion... having sex is not a big deal if you don't have feelings for the person. Call me crazy, but as a teen that would have stuck out for me at the time and probably encouraged me to do it to "get the virginity issue out of the way." Maybe that was just the way my mind worked and others wouldn't see it that way, but it seemed to be the message being promoted. While the author tried to redeem the story at the end with the "love" theme trumping everything else, it fell a bit flat for me. Last, after all of that waiting for her to realize who she really loved, I would have liked to see Shelby and Jonas kiss at least once. That was a bit of a letdown. I didn't feel encouraged at the end of the book because the character's arc wasn't strong enough to make me satisfied at the end.
+Free rubber stamps each month of your term
Keep an eye on it.
Silence will fall. We know, going in to series six, that there is a race called The Silence. They seem to be able to exist without being seen, and if they are seen, they are able to erase the memory of their existence from the individual who saw them. These are the only details I am aware of regarding The Silence. The light from the crack erases people from time, including all memory of said person. Again, this seems to be the power The Silence have. Is the crack a tool being used by them, or is it a thematic link that introduces the concept. “The Doctor in the TARDIS hasn’t noticed.” “The Doctor in the TARDIS doesn’t know.” We cannot see The Silence and, presumably, neither can The Doctor. Are we to believe they have been existing throughout series five, possibly even as far back as series four, the first hints of their existence being SILENCE in the Library? The Doctor has placed much emphasis on noticing things, including The Eleventh Hour where we are given a sequence where The Doctor analyzes the village green. But we don’t notice The Silence. Perhaps, thematically, Steven Moffat has been giving us hints, but they are hints that are devoid of context until now.
We've actually made a few design changes since I created this model, which we'll reveal as we go along. These models were created as "conceptual models" before we even made an offer on the house, to communicate ideas to my husband, our structural engineer, our contractors, and to study the spaces.
Former coworkers who heard of his plight circulated a sympathy card in my department. It seemed to me that sentiments like “may your memories bring you comfort” and “others care deeply and are remembering your loved one with special thoughts” might be a little premature, even if well intended. It also occurred to me that I didn’t really know the guy, much less his mother, yet was being asked to sign the card.
Note: If you would like to receive a copy of the May 2012 Newsletter, please make sure to subscribe to my blog and you will receive the link to download the newsletter in the next blog entry emailed to your inbox.
I just wanted to let you know that I am very grateful for the friends, contacts and opportunities that have come my way over the past three years of this blog.
I love you, Sissy. Be good.
PS.:
But I did have a little play .. ..
My southern friend’s people all probably lived within a small sphere of a community. As I write this, I am sitting alone in a hotel room in Germany. My people are far away. Yet I can count on their presence the same way know you can count on the neighbor down the street.
For books, the style required for the reference list should be: Author surname followed by given names with first (or legal) given name in full and others as initials, followed by the year of publication in parentheses, and a full stop/period. The title of the book should be italicised, with its principal words beginning with a capital letter, and should end with a full stop/period. The publisher's name should then be given, with the town or city of publication included in parentheses. If the book is co-authored by two authors, their names should be separated by an ampersand; if co-authored by more than two, all but the last name should be separated by commas, and the last name should be separated by an ampersand. Here are some hypothetical examples:
This cute little turquoise and silver cup was the only one I could find but he was only 25 cents so I thought I could make a candle out of him!
I inhale sharply, frozen for a second.
Thanks for the nice comments last week. I got my dad back here and they are doing a ton of tests...mainly, he's 98 and things are just wearing out but his mind is as sharp as ever!
Coming now to the bits that I really loved about the book
Once we graduate our lives still are not ours. I will have to find a job, one that I enjoy or one that I do not, to pay back the thousands of dollars in loans I will have built up from attending college in the first place. I realize that I do have control over working hard and finding a job that I love, but it has to fit into this box of what is conventional.
#24 Endtroducing… by Eliot Wilder
In January, it was a cold winter night. Winter in the Dominican means that it can get as cold as 60 degrees at night! Brrrr! Many of our church members chose to stay at home rather than brave the blustery, chilly evening. I went the two blocks from the church in my van to pick up the 6 children from our orphanage for divine service in Palmar Arriba. Out of the house came Moises, Randy, Ramona, Francis, and Junior. It was dark and I didn’t see Estefani. So, I left the children in the van and went to the house asking about Estefani. Ariel said, “Pastor, I think she is in the van.” I said, “No, I didn’t see her go past me in the wheelchair.” Ariel responded, “Pastor, she didn’t use the wheelchair, she walked out.” That is exactly what had happened. I had seen Estefani, but I had not seen her because she had no wheelchair! Estefani is learning through therapy and Christian love that it is ok to live without her disability and be simply whom God the Father has called her to be, His beloved daughter, through baptism and the faith that He has given her!
past the bay window façades
I hope to sell a few which I am selling for little money, what doesn't sell at the show will go onto my etsy store. I am just having fun painting.
All of which is no introduction whatsoever to Grace O'Malley's challenge over at Imaginary Garden with Real Toads - to write a tanaga.
Where the difficulty comes in is when you have a story, such as a young adult coming of age novel, that is set in Average Town, USA because the characters aren't the type to travel the world, or can't even if they want to (and maybe that's part of their internal conflict). Everything they experience is local.
does that make any sense?
As Très Fabu Event Planning and Design approaches its mega April 23rd wedding, which will take place at Serrano Country Club in El Dorado Hills, California with 250 guests, the wedding planner would like to share a sneak peak of the evening’s napkin rings — which were recently revealed on TV in Los Angeles!
¼ tsp vanilla
On Sunday I participated in the Dirty Dozen Movie Bloghop hosted by Alex Cavanaugh wherein participants list their 12 fave movies and explain why. After further consideration I need to make a correction to my list.
I read up on smiling and this is what I read:
"Thats very KROQ sounding that track, dont you think"
Moderator: This is a story of two mothers who bring their case before King Solomon. The King knew that on the date in question, in the middle of the night, two prostitutes slept peacefully, their newborns tucked in their arms. The two women aren’t named in the Bible, but we will call them Mona and Lena.
With such finely crafted technical aspects, and a great supporting cast, it's understandable why Soderbergh would take a chance on an unknown property like Carano in the lead. Primarily known as an MMA fighter, Carano really brings it in the fight scenes and though her range is somewhat limited, Soderbergh tailors Haywire to her strengths. She doesn't quite have the charisma of some of her more seasoned co-stars, but she is believable as a special agent/ass-kicking-machine which is fairly rare in the subgenre of the female-centered action picture.
This bill, known as SOPA for short in the U.S., is rooted in the now 13 year-old battle being waged by the "content industry," Hollywood and the record labels in particular, to curb the infringement of copyright online. SOPA focuses on preventing U.S. citizens from accessing “foreign infringing sites” and downloading copyrighted content coming from overseas (There is also support from the pharmaceutical and medical industries, as the bill is also meant to curb the sale of counterfeit drugs from foreign countries to American patients). The bill was introduced in the U.S. House of Representatives late last year. (A similar bill is in the U.S. Senate known as the Protect Intellectual Property Act (PIPA) - we shall discuss it later as it moves more to the forefront).
– took a nice long motorcycle ride. Initially it was a toss-up for going to the coast or heading to Yosemite (frankly my favorite journey by far although I don’t do it often), but as I hit the metaphorical snooze button too many times and woke up late I just did a few twisties and mountain roads before coming home.
Leviathan by Scott Westerfeld. It’s really good.
I’m flabbergasted. I’m embarrassed. I’m fearful for the rights I currently enjoy as a citizen, let alone a bisexual, childfree female.
sounds like i am a grumbling, super-negative momma, huh?
*Update* Thanks everyone for all the wonderful and kind comments!
C. Does the answer to A or B depend upon whether the graphic device and the words are perceived by the average consumer as (i) being separate signs; or (ii) each having an independent distinctive role? If so, how?
This inspirational nod towards the future was then followed by a wonderful performance called "Time Travelling in Polish Literature," in which the actors Henry Goodman and Beverley Klein read excerpts from Jewish literature which were interspersed with live Klezmer music. I am an unabashed fan of Klezmer, or "Yiddish" music. Yesterday's combination of violin, accordian and tuba played new arrangements of this folk music and drew us deeply into the feelings of joy, wonder, sadness that the readings portrayed. Whether the author was a nineteenth century Rabbi or a displaced European Jew on Ellis Island in the 1970's, the literature all had that voice of humour and pathos which can be heard throughout a century of Jewish Polish literature. There is a self-deprecating humour and a fearless imagination that pervades this literature, and the musicians and actors brought it to life brilliantly. I left feeling nostalgic for the stories of my grandparents, the cadence of their self-taught English and proud of this tradition that I too often ignore.
Eat lunch at Frenchie. Frenchie has become so successful that they don't even serve lunch anymore. As for getting a dinner reservation at this point, I can just forget it. Do I care? Not really. I've eaten quite enough recently!
Whole grains, vegetables, fruits, and legumes contain no cholesterol and are low in fat, especially saturated fats. They are also high in fiber and other nutrients. Vegans say there are several plant based foods that are good sources of protein, such as beans, peanuts, and soya."
2. Unschoolers have never learned that learning isn't lovable.
My first meal during the Mayan solstice arrived with delectable Mexican flavors and an unexpected touch of Chicago. I sat down at the Beachwalk Marketplace Cafe in the JW Marriott Cancun Resort and reveled in the experience of enjoying two of my very favorite things. As many of my longtime readers know, passion fruit is the ultimate fruit to me. Nothing beats that special blend of tart and sweet. So when I spotted passion fruit ceviche on the menu, I was giddy with joy.
Stephen Moffat has a bit of a habit of writing good Comic Relief episodes, and he's pulled it off again. Space is packed full of witty one liners and is up there with The City of Death as a chuckle-fest.
As our son approached school age, we began to think that perhaps the time had come to begin thinking about adoption. We began doing some research and the dollar signs were a little disappointing and frightening to be sure. I do think this is a good thing. We want people adopting who are going to take this very seriously. Tens of thousands of dollars is a good way to make sure you are taking it seriously, for most of us...
Sorry to waffle on... I'm just so relieved to have tidied up my head and made a decision!
“If I told you once, I’ve told you a million times. Don’t exaggerate!”
Between lines of conversation
HIV/AIDS can be treated through antiretroviral therapy (ART). Many people can lead longer and fulfilling lives due to ART because it reduces the amount of HIV one’s body and allow one’s immune system to remain healthy.
On the night of her engagement ball Lady Hero stumbles into a room to discover a man and married woman in a compromising situation. She chooses to warn them that the woman’s husband is coming down the hall. This is her first encounter with the cheeky rogue who dubs her “Lady Perfect” and she responds to “Lord Shameless”. A short time later she is formally introduced to the shameless man who turns out to be her intended’s infamous brother, Griffin Remmington. Mandeville and Griffin have been estranged for several years as Mandeville believes that Griffin seduced his first wife.
Amano Shrimp are voracious eaters and will attack any food you add to the tank. I have even seen them swim up to the top of the tank, flip upside down, and grab flakes off the surface of the water. They also enjoy grabbing up food and running away with it to eat it where other shrimp will not be able to steal it from them.
Format starts the show on the turntables cutting up some of his better known songs before being joined by Simon on the Moog Synthesizer and an armory of electronic effects. Here they take you away on a musical journey from Hip Hop & Funk to spaced out electronics. The music is accompanied by synchronised visuals that sample moments from classic B-Boy footage, tripped-out animation and carefully chosen visual oddities in a cut 'n' paste style that is completely in tune with the music.
So, you lay out your sheet of nori on the sushi mat. Then you spread a layer of quinoa on the nori, leaving an inch on the far end. Next, you lay down a single layer of portobello fillets, topped with avocado and chopped scallions. Finally, you add small dollops of the vegan mayo-sambal sauce.
It was a return to another era in NYC politics at the Museum of City of New York Tuesday night when politicians, journalists and historians gathered to assess the meaning, the impact and the successes and failures of the administration of John Vliet Lindsay, 103rd Mayor of the City of New York from 1966-1973. Mayor Lindsay (or “Lindslee” as he was chided by many disaffected New Yorkers) came in brimming with ideas, energy and enthusiasm, and cadres of young activists seeking to revitalize the political scene and New York City under his leadership. The event was moderated by Sam Roberts of the New York Times (and editor of the companion volume to the new exhibit at the Museum of the City of New York, “America’s Mayor: John V. Lindsay and the Reinvention of New York.”) Roberts opened the symposium by asking to identify audience members who had worked in the Lindsay administration: a forest of hands filled the air. This lent a certain clubby quality to the event. In addition, the panel included former Congressman Major Owens, former Public Advocate Betsy Gotbaum, who held positions in the administration and Jay Kriegel, Mr. Lindsay’s Chief of Staff. They were all vocally supportive of the energy and vision of Mr. Lindsay’s mayoralty, acknowledging that the strikes and widespread political unrest were circumstances beyond his control that may have played a role in derailing many of the administration’s efforts at implementing new ideas. Jerry Kretchmer, former Manhattan Assemblyman, campaign aide to Robert F. Kennedy and environmental commissioner for the Mayor, in the audience, took umbrage with suggestions that it was a failed administration. They took risks, made many advances, but were hobbled by the political climate, the unions, and other issues beyond their control. But at least they were willing to try new things.
“The first generation of the Jesus Movement consisted of a tiny and fearful minority” of a religion, Judaism, that had already been around for a thousand years or more before the assertion was made that the messiah had come and was a crucified Galilean rabbi who mainly and briefly preached in that area of Israel.
(Fill in the details)
Cute little hamburger trays, fries cups and straws came from Garnish. And, were purchased with birthday money for myself! Poke around on their site, ezine and blog for some great inspiration!
Read More FC&S Blog Posts at the Coverage Cafe!
I hope that wherever you guys are, the weather is as nice as these covers! :)
Osie laughed. ‘Ye should be used to them by now,’ he said. ‘Ye’ve lived beside them a’ your life.’
Beyond the Bond section there are mini ‘sets’ they have created to show how and where some of the vehicles may have been used e.g. a street with shops and an old garage.
The rest, essentially, is mayhem and survival. Slowly, one by one, the survivors are picked off and devoured by the slow-moving, encircling horde of living dead. Night of the Living Dead is known for being relentless and brutal and for having one of the most famous downer endings in existence. It’s a grueling film start to finish, and it doesn’t let up at the end.
Meanwhile, the Dev group for all three strategies to jailbreak the iPad three has up its sleeve. All three strategies are being developed in parallel. When a jailbreak to be launched for the iPad 3, the Dev staff will not reveal but.
Serve with your favorite cheese. My kids like sharp cheddar, herbed goat cheese and Swiss cheese.
Start with Joseph Stephenson. He's drafted. He finds himself in a deadly competition for survival.
When Sassafras (8) came along I loosened up a bit and she got zip-top bags filled with sugary cereals and occasionally some fresh fruit in her morning commute baggie.
On the second it will be a year since Little Poppet was taken from my body.
So how do we save ourselves and our culture from the Jesus of our own making? Nichols suggests that we need to get back to the tradition of the creeds and the tradition of Scripture. We need the creeds because they have helped to solidify the teaching of Scripture pertaining to, of many things, the deity of Christ. While creedal tradition can help we must ultimately rest our understanding of Christ on Scripture. When we rest on Scripture we cannot help but conclude that Jesus is God.
Kong purists usually rank Escapes on the far low end of their scale when it comes to what they will accept their King in. Badness is all but guaranteed for your monster movie, though, when its premiere in North America is on a double-billing with that classic Don Knotts comedy The Shakiest Gun in the West. Gotta wonder which one played first.
But here we are, 2 years exactly after her birth and tonight she possibly had her last ever breastfeed, booby or booboo as she calls it... this is not my choice, it is hers. And while I'm overjoyed that this was her choice (as I know in my heart it should be), I'm not going to deny that a little tiny piece of my heart is broken because of it.
- Challenge ends Midnight the 9th!
Everyone has seen these.. and they end the commercials with the same slogan right.. "I'm lovin' it!"
Iron Witch
“There is a time, when the community as a whole, their needs are better than the individual and, I think, more important,” says Snyderman.
After students are sufficiently frustrated, stop them and ask how the storytelling went. Talk about the things that were happening and how it made them feel. I make sure to tell the students that the activity is not a punishment, I just realized that maybe they didn't know what it is like to try to convey information and not have a good listener. Call it forced empathy. Then I have a short, but candid conversation, where I tell them how it makes me feel when I work really hard to plan lessons that I think are important and will be fun for them and have students being disrespectful and not listening. I may play up the hurt feelings just a bit with my younger classes.
OU: Presented the way it was recorded not altered at all. There is no good way to put Rain Song together without another source edited in.. Which doesn’t sound good to us. so enjoy the raw tapes
I am so appreciative for many things in my life.
Yet, paradoxically, he has the kindest, most compassionate heart. He loves to help other people and has real empathy for those who are suffering in any way. He didn't think that giving that little boy the building set was a big deal. He told me that the boy had been building a spaceship was really upset that he didn't win and he started crying. When Jackson saw how sad this little boy was, he handed him the prize he'd just won.
Until I made these, I had never really never made a ruffle or gathered fabric before.
What would be hard for you to give up?
Happy Friday, my sweet friends! I hope you've had a beautiful week! :o)
The key is to use LOADS of flour for dusting and to let the dough rest for an hour BEFORE you roll it through the machine.
usage statistics, e-newsletter delivery rates and qualified paid and nonpaid circulation. These reports are a prime example of how publishers are evolving their brands and how they present those brands to buyers.
19. The MBEs - Christmas 1979
My smooth and soft-looking forehead.
The second big problem is that with a few notable exceptions, the people involved do not have the qualifications or intention to act in a professional and impartial manner. It’ll be holiday bonus time. It doesn’t take a rocket scientist to guess the option a father will take when presented with the two options of seeing his family spend Christmas in jail or coughing up some folding money. He may even suggest the spot fine option. Other officials, flushed with their temporary power will go on a cosmic ego trip and really make some people’s holiday.
To get out of this place
W. Harold Petersen is a 63-year veteran in the insurance business. He founded the firm Petersen International Underwriters (PIU).
Second email listed all the movies and box sets we have. I am keeping 29. He gets the rest. Again, a lot more for him.
I've said this before and I'll say it again...Newton Abbot
Dr Rock – Ween
My worst one was during summer study abroad, when I did an intensive language program in Avignon. Every mornng our prof made us speak by answering the question "quoi de neuf?" I proudly raised my hand with a perfectly constructed sentence in mind (so I thought) that even included the past tense. When the prof called on me I announced to the class that "hier,j'ai joui avec mes chiens." (I came with my dogs), that's right, beastiality, folks! Luckily, the rest of the class was no better than I in the passé composé and the prof had a laughing attack for a good 30 seconds before she explained to us all what I had actually said. Vive le learning!
I’ve learned much in my short life on this earth. I hope to learn much more. And I hope to share what I’ve learned with anyone who wants to read about it.
We'll be returning to Arrol's insanitary brewery soon.
The Supreme Court ruled in a 5-4 decision that prohibited unions and corporations from airing paid ads thirty days before Candidates for Congress or President was unconstitutional. This in effected killed the McCain Feingold act.
This colour trend is revolutionizing our wardrobe, and since our last shoot Adriana and I have been wanting to post another look showcasing this hue.
Consider the lovely 80 watt panels you see for sale at your local store. One would think that one of these should provide most of our power needs. Not so. In order to figure the solar panel we need to convert from watts to amps by dividing by the voltage of the panel which is about 18. This gives us a rate of about 4 amps per hour. Because the sun moves during the day and the boat is also moving the most common thing is to mount the panels horizontally. We consider that we get a total of five hours worth of sun a day, so that 80 watt panel will give us about 20 amps per day or about half of what the fridge needs. Don’t even talk to me about the smaller panels you see advertised.
HarperTorch 2004
After which the random touch. The piece
M: Are you trying to make a go of being a musician?
This is a most interesting science magazine article about perfect pitch, otherwise known as absolute pitch, the “ability to name or sing any note on demand”, written by someone who himself has perfect pitch. Ed Douglas reports on the findings of studies that have been published in six different science journals, and research scientists mentioned include Daniel Levitin, Sarah Wilson, Elizabeth Theusch, Analabha Basu, Jane Gitschier, Maria Teresa Moreno Sala, Eugenia Costa-Giomi, Patrick Bermudez, Psyche Loui, Diana Deutsch, Luca Tommasi and researchers at the RIKEN Brain Science Institute in Japan.
the window, and
13. Cumbia De Los Muertos - Ozomatli (U.S.A.) / 3:32
I've had a couple of emails from readers asking if they could make this soap and sell it. I am sharing this recipe with whomever wants to use it, but please don't think this is just a quick and easy way to make money. You need to understand what you're doing and be absolutely sure that every soap you produce is something you are proud of. I think the key to my soap making success was that quality was my priority and people trusted me; soap was only part of the equation.
When dawn breaks they ask me how I am; I say, "I'm fine...you?" Why do I say that? Why don't I say, "look into my eyes, how do you think I look? I feel like shit but I'll tell you I'm fine because it's easier." That way I don't need to talk about my fear. Sometimes, when The Farmer holds me, I feel frightened to let him go just in case I never get the chance to hold him again. I want to stop missing my dad every fucking day and I want to stop crying when I look into his eyes. My Farmer may one day not be here either and that scares the hell outta me. But I'm fine. Just like everything else, I'll get over it and move on. One day I'll look down on my life and see only the good bits - the bad bits will be yesterday's fish and chip paper. I'll hold onto those memories, the good ones, and I'll say, "look at me, I'm fine." And I will be.
This Chanel eye cream really does deliver. I put it on right when I wake up, and the puffiness diminishes. It isn't the most hydrating, so I usually have to layer a richer cream on top, but for something that helps me not to look like Rocky Balboa, I'm okay with layering.
You back? Pretty great mamas, eh? You're welcome.
I talk. This voice feels unused.
*** Optional***
The Prophet of Zek
I just finished your book about 5 minutes ago, Cracked, I breezed through it in about 2 days, even with school I could hardly put it down.
*moved to a convertible car seat. I think you like it better.
In our case, we boarded a sea plane and flew 30 minutes to the Lux Resort on the island Dhidhoofinolhu in the South Ari Atoll. We worked closely with a travel agent and did a lot of research on-line before making our choice of lodging.
"Annie is a good name," I said.
Although she was able to get her horse to stand still in his original spot, there was nothing in the original request that said she had to choose a place for her horse and never waiver from it. It was a limitation she placed on herself.
When a three-quarter-length tulle ballet skirt hits a certain sweet spot on the calf, it evokes one of the most pleasing iconic ratios — think of the lip of a bell encircling its clapper or the curving girth of a willow tree around its trunk. Fill a stage with a perfect storm of these swirling, swaying tutus and it’s near impossible to resist whatever atmospheric or transformative event the weird world of ballet is issuing forth. A glittery drizzle starts to fall from the sky? Hell yeah!! Bring it on!
Read the book–Let It Go: Forgive So You Can Be Forgiven by T. D. Jakes. You won’t regret it. Learn to let it go. (BTW, I’m on chapter 4 and yes, I will probably share more revelations as I go. Consider yourself warned).
Here, we see that we have given authority to hold on others, it is as it is written in Matthew 18/18: “I tell you the truth, whatever you bind on earth will be bound in heaven, and whatever you loose on earth will be loosed in heaven.”
Angeles, with several tributes
“Unless, perhaps, you’d consider doing it,” he murmured, giving me a coy look.
The only issue that came up was they found what most likely an ovarian cyst in the baby. I was told that it isn’t uncommon, but not super common. Apparently the extra estrogen in pregnancy can lead to baby girls sometimes developing these, and then they go away after delivery.
None of these things has come about without a huge amount of work, time, dedication and luck, but I appreciate every last bit of it.
in Brooklyn, although at the time I don’t think they had
Good to hear from you as always, ACC. Gotta say, that really is pretty sick, not to mention pretty surprising, considering how old Antlers McBeardyface likes to play himself up as like Grand Master Nature Boy Ultra. I mean, listen, I’m not going to lie to you. It’s no secret that I’m not above a little tough love when it comes to Horde mounts, for purposes of promoting discipline and the kind of toughness that the military life calls for. But I can also tell you, in no uncertain terms, every one of our worgs, kodos, wyverns, whatever, gets three squares a day, plenty of water, and at least enough room to stretch its legs and move around some. Not to mention that when they finally come up for retirement, they get an enormous feast before we slice them up into chops.
“Roberts is dead. The Flying Hare went down in that typhoon with all hands on deck, remember? Dead men hold no grudges, Janus van Koonns. I can’t fault him for that grudge, though. You argued hard, and then worked us all to the bone to fulfill terms when it turned out that they’d snuck a few extra legalities in there without us realizing it. We flew from here to the Americas more than once to earn that pay out, and I truly wish Roberts had gotten that duty instead.”
They had met before, but this time each had the other's undivided attention. They were drinking gin and tonics, the ocean breeze lifting their hair as they sat on the veranda, apart from the rest of the party, while laughing at each other's silly stories.
Went into Manchester yesterday and got a few bits and bobs, nothing exciting really. Oh I did go into Rockers England to buy tickets for Emily for Rebellion Fest in Blackpool (a punk/ska festival).
Our egg retrieval is complete, and it went really good!
When I woke up after surgery, my first conscious effort was to search my brain to see if I still remembered my music. I do. Since then, it has been a key part of my recovery, and my most efficient way to express what I’m now going through.
It’s important to notice the nuance here. Americans don’t buy into the so-called “Poor Law” theory of social welfare wholesale – they reject the idea that relief should only be available to the “worthy poor” in favor of universalism; they generally believe in paying taxes necessary for adequate benefits as long as they think they are also included within the circle of protection. This isn’t a Social Democratic framework either (there’s certainly no conception that citizenship entitles you to benefit, for example), but there is something of the old ideal of the commonweal here.
Round & Round
I'm deep in debt and now it's much too late.
For all of my attempts to simplify my life, this week hasn't felt very simple. Oh well. Next week I go back to ZERO items on the calendar, so I think if I can get through this weekend, I can begin to dig out of the computer hole from this whole past week.
COULD NOT SLEEP.
I wanted to give an update on my weight loss goal since here we are in March 2011 and my goal was 61 pounds lost my than. What the hell was I thinking?!?! Well I am still happy with my progress - 32.8 pounds lost since I started REALLY trying! And I have built up my time at the gym and am doing an hour of hard core cardio for an hour at least 5-6 days a week. That counts for something too right?!?!
And run without fear
i wait before cautiously opening one eye
The woman asked for the incident to be documented but declined to prosecute. The man apologized.
This was a bad week for sustainable laundry. I moved out of my house last week, was homeless for the weekend, and am now living at some friends’ house. Though I brought my line with me and my friends are very accommodating, I just didn’t think immediately stringing up a clothesline in their backyard was very guest-like (and I was lazy). However, I did wash the load in cold water and I dried it on low. After drying on low I was expecting my clothes to come out of the dryer pretty damp, but they weren’t! I was surprised how dry they got. Maybe that high heat setting is overkill?
Then my husband came to the rescue and said, "Why don't you just add those button things?"
*sniff*
________
The Aristean Cycle was used in determining when past Jewish events happened. The age-old puzzles of when Exodus and other Bible events happened are now determined.
“We still urge South Africans to support the Confederations Cup because it might never return to the country ,” said Mkhondo.
Utilizing acupuncture or chakra therapy are some of the ways that can help in freeing up these blocked energies and bringing them into balance.
single ladies: his voice will make your knees grow weak.
lifestyle choices now a matter of laissez-faire;
11:15-1:15 Panel 5: David Hanan, Riri Riza, Lisabona Rahman, Pak Berthy
Is there a ‘hard target’ IQ number at which people who fall under it are simply just too dumb to realize that this has been precision timed to run right up into the gut of the presidential election???
Valtari
570 **D-IV/7/1968. “Martin Luther King and the Soul of America.” Basic Program Weekend Conference, The University of Chicago, Starved Rock State Park, Illinois. (Incorporated in Item C-1977(5), above, pp. 802-04, and in Item C-1999(16), above, pp. 511-14.)
Thyme, 1/2 teaspoon (dried)
And then I get a glass of something like this Stone/Fat Head's/Bear Republic collaboration project: TBA. I know this beer has homebrewing DNA (I know one of the homebrewers who was involved in the early origins of the 'style'), and I have a glass poured and waiting by the keyboard, and...wow, I can smell Columbus from here and it's grabbing me...
Today is the last day of the free promo. At just before 10 a.m. EDT, Safe Harbor is now #217 in the Kindle Free Store, and holding at #10 in Free Suspense and #12 in Free Thriller. I’m aiming for the top place in Suspense and Thriller by the end of the day. And for the top 100 in the Free Kindle Store.
There are many people in modern paganism who assume that “syncretism” and “eclecticism” are the same thing, and they’re really not. The general distinction between them, one might say, is that with syncretism, there tends to be an overall structure and project and framework to the matter, whereas eclecticism is more like a random collection of objects on a shelf or in a box that may or may not have any particular overarching theme or purpose. Some pagans do the latter, and may do so haphazardly or irresponsibly, carelessly, and perhaps even offensively where certain practices or approaches are concerned. However, what many of them do is more deliberate than that, and at least deities from the same culture are treated in the same ritual; or, if they’re not (and there’s nothing which says they must be, other than notions of cultural purity that are probably not historically accurate, nor should they be binding on modern activities), there is at least some sort of knowledge of functionality and complementarity going on. This can make for some truly strange bedfellows (or, altar-fellows?), certainly, but perhaps not outside of the context in which such activities are going on. The religions of late antiquity, particularly in Greece, Rome, and Egypt, were highly syncretistic, and to think that there were notions of “cultural purity” even in Rome–which often had some resistance to “foreign” gods, and yet welcomed many of them into its pantheon and gave them temples quite happily from a very early period–is not strictly accurate. The Egyptian deities syncretized with themselves quite a bit before Greece and Rome were even a blip on the radar, and variant local forms of deities merged into one, or temporary mergings of different forms of deities, or entirely different deities, occurred across the spectrum. Cultures that are alive and in contact with one another mutually influence each other, and religions do likewise…and, I think it is safe to say, the gods also do likewise, and humans are sometimes lucky enough to have epiphanies of such things occurring.
3 rose
But Pete isn't the only one celebrating because amongst the honorable mentions (I say again there were 125 entries people) were none other than the wonderful Aerin, McKoala, Laughing Wolf, Precie and … li'l ol' me! I'm all aflutter. In the words of the inimitable Bruce Forsyth; Didn't we do well?
What are the other long-term trends and impacts of this technology turn? What other implications does it pose to the current computer science and technology? This and other questions are addressed by six renowned researchers in this field. With this last department issue, we thank you for traveling with us through the trend wars in the past year.
Julia Mayfield as a wish to her dieing sister is taking her nephew to see the grandparents that he never knew. Dealing with 2 year olds isn't something Julia is good with after spending some time in World War II. Figuring she can do this wish for her sister, then move on with her life and write the book she eagerly awaits to write about her war adventures. The grandparents are too distraught over the death of their son that they will not even acknowledge that their grandson is who Julia says he is. She just wants to get out of this backwoods hollar and get back to society, when her parents throw a wrench in her return plans, causing Julia to stay through Christmas. Love of family and friends grows on Julia in KY, will she ever be able to leave this hollar again?
Several things have been called to my attention of late. One of them is that I am not a very honest person. I don’t tend to lie outright (and just so you know, I just did); rather, I distort the truth, conceal it partially in smoke and deflect any penetrating light with mirrors, or worst of all, I simply ignore it or deny its existence.
However, Santa found it necessary to start talking to me. “HEY!” he roared in a guttural voice. “I was hoping you could help me out with this!”
Wow, after doing Day 1 Level 1 of Jillian Michaels 30 Day Shred, I was sore today! Ouch! But I didn't let a little soreness get me down. Nope, I headed right on up to the office treadmill on my lunch break and walked 1.5 miles there. When I got home tonight I did complete Day 2 Level 1 of the 30 Day Shred too! This may sound strange, but it was easier today in spite of being super sore. Tomorrow's going to be the tough day though. I remember when I tried to do the 30 Day Shred before that Day 3 was really tough for me. I hope that it's easier tomorrow. The cardio is what kicks my butt. Jumping jacks....definitely not my easiest workout move! They're evil I tell you! Evil! But I know they serve a purpose, even if that purpose is to annoy me right now.
So weigh-in today and another 3.8lbs off, 3.5″ off the waist, hips and chest; percentage of body weight lost now = 14.7%! How cool is that?! And I’m feeling good about it.
Brooke wasn't kidding when she said these were the "best blueberry muffins" she has ever eaten. The crowning glory of these muffins is the "jam" that is almost like a frosting, that goes on just before baking. These muffins are loaded with flavor. They are not too sweet and filled with blueberries...two cups of blueberries to be exact! We will search no more for the perfect blueberry muffin.
The portion at this restaurant is huge and can feed two people, no problem. You can have this appetizer with any of your choice of Persian stews.
The crashing of airliners into the World Trade Center was not war. It was "peace".
How effective such a strategy would prove in deterring further killings is impossible to determine in advance. But the possibility that this strategy might not succeed does not render it ill-advised or foolish. Given that wars tend to have losers, there is always some group of people whose strategies are being proved inadequate in some sense. During the Pacific War, the Japanese strategy was to launch lightning attacks throughout south-east Asia, secure a huge resource base, and build up a strong enough naval deterrent to inflict such casualties on an American counter-attack across the Pacific as to force America to seek terms rather than fight the war to a conclusion. The fact that this strategy failed does not mean that it did not make any sense. It simply means that it did not work, which is not necessarily the same thing.
Fleischmann aspires to become a research scientist in chemistry and to use his Arabic skills to study environmental issues concerning fossil fuels in a region that has some of the largest oil reserves in the world.
The ceiling of the "round church", consecrated in 1185. On May 10, 1941, an incendiary bomb landed on the roof of the church and the resulting fire causing the wooden roof to collapse. It took 17 years for the church to be fully repaired.
The purpose of this beer is by all accounts to give the loyal Foster’s drinker something more sophisticated for when times demand an occasion, as the can of lout is okay when you’re with your mates but not in front of a lady. That’s what the marketing department say, anyway. I asked the squeeze. “Do I look sexier with a bottle of lager or a can of lager?” The answer was “You look sexiest when you are hoovering. But not during Emmerdale. You want to do that more often if you want to turn me on”
I was really nervous….and honestly the nurses who helped me could not have been nicer. I got my “margarita” as the nurse called it and I was OUT! I woke up in recovery and Sean was smiling at me. I thought they didn’t do it! My throat was a little sore, but my butt….not so much! Haha!
Another unexpected outcome of Frank’s Mod Madness entry: He has an admirer. He caught the eye and the fancy of Tome of the Ancient’s female Undead Warlock, and she’s been longing for him ever since. Poor TotA has had no peace, what with all the crying and the pining away, but all efforts to convince the young lady to approach Frank have failed. She’s just too shy to make the first move. So I agreed that I would pass the message on to Frank and see if I could convince him to pay her a visit.
Have yourselves a wonderful, creative weekend
The newly released military personnel got back to Britain okay, and I'm eagerly awaiting the press conference in which one of them recants everything they said on Iranian TV, and says: "The Persians were a lot more valid when they were worshipping fire and chucking their dead to the vultures. Now that they're Muslim, they're a collection of cunts."
The pacing of BLACK SPOT seems designed for a classic Russell T Davies run and shout episode, but there’s no room for anyone to run anywhere – even the deck seems small and cramped. There’s a line where the Doctor is on the plank and he wonders aloud, “Where’s the rest of your crew?” but my immediate response was to ask back, “Where would you put them?” When Amy dons her pirate gear to save the Doctor and starts swinging around, it looks like she’s swinging just far enough to need to hold on to the ropes.
I woke up after about a day of laying in a dead state in-dream. Disturbed, but relieved. And hoping that I never had another dream like it again.
LEVON & THE HAWKS - HE DON'T LOVE YOU (AND HE'LL BREAK YOUR HEART)
“I don’t own a machine, either, and I can’t hand sew.”
Market Liquidity: Call of the wild.
Last night, I attended a wedding reception of my high school friend.
It's been over a week since I posted. And I have a good reason for that...
On Saturday morning I had to admit defeat and tell hubby he was right…. I think I am better suited to sit up front and take the money than do all that running serving tables. Trust me, 54 years old is NOT the time to start serving tables unless you’ve done it for a LONG time or are in GREAT physical shape… neither of which is the case for me! To my chagrin I had to admit defeat and tell him that YES, he was correct…we WERE going to need to hire more servers and I’d be just as happy as a little clam to sit my big fat tookus and handle the money and greet the customers and help out serving if we got slammed. I am just smart enough to know when to yell “Uncle”!
I haven't shared any of these for awhile. This batch of stories is from waaay back at the beginning of the school year. We've become quite a bit more sophisticated since then. If you want to learn about our storytelling process, click here.
Memory: Memory Stick Pro
We have the power to make someone else feel like a huge piece of...poop. And that's not right. You have to realize that everybody isn't that annoying; you're just in a bad mood and you have to stop yourself before unleashing your rage and say things that you might later regret.
Sometimes you realize in relationships there is always that one mistake you make over and over again. I’ve realized that whenever I buy a gift for a guy I like it doesn’t go well. With one guy I was seeing I bought him a gift only 2 weeks before his birthday but we broke up just a week beforehand. Luckily, I bought him a huge pink-girly blanket so I just kept it.
Paleo Portion:
Silly though it may be, I’ve been planning her birthday for months. How no matter how we ended up celebrating,
What a terrible thing my government did to those people!
-that one does not necessarily handle small sudden emergencies very well
"Marked by sly wit and a certain old-fashioned jauntiness, this tale of three chums on a quest for indolence strikes many a wish-fulfillment fancy...Hartinger blends urban legend with the actual history of Tacoma’s routing of its Chinese community (author’s note included) to craft an irresistible setting (who wouldn’t want to explore lost tunnels under a city in search of treasure?), humorous episodes tinged with mild danger, and a light-hearted mystery"
There is currently no facility for rounding really large or recurring fractions, either. According to Ethan Marcotte, the defaults you get out of a standard calculator shouldn’t be messed with, anyway.
Abel, on the other hand, was the first man of faith. Prior to the Fall, Adam and Eve had no need of faith in the same way as their descendants. They lived in the paradise of Eden and had direct contact with God. Their children were the first to have need of faith in its fullest sense.
I will go back to Jebel Akhdar. Again and again. Yes.
Glasses per case: 6
Friday morning my mom got married.
had and the ones we will have...
Ie peux à treſ-juſte titre appeller l'Ananas, le Roy des fruits, parce qu'il eſt le plus beau, & le meilleur de tous ceux qui ſont ſur la terre. C'eſt ſans doute pour cette raiſon, que le Roy des Roys luy a mis une couronne ſur la teſte, qui eſt comme une marque eſſentielle de ſa Royauté, puis qu'à la cheute du père, il produit un ieune Roy qui luy ſuccede en toutes ſes admirables qualitez : … (p. 127)
And there are scores of others using various different models, each extending a vital lifeline to local growers and helping satisfy the needs of food shoppers who care about the quality and values of their food
No more bike riding. That was the biggest change. Really I can bike ride but just pleasure, only me on the bike and only a mile or two at a time. My knee is terrible, not going to improve and it’s life. I told him I didn’t like the bike because of the pain but figured I’d get stronger and could learn to like it. Nope, that part isn’t going to happen he says. Okay so the next thing we talked about….
A straightforward design infringement, as with the copyright? Apparently not.
But Judge Robert Gregory of the Fourth Circuit didn't buy it. He writes: "an officer and the Government must do more than simply label a behavior as "suspicious" to make it so...the Government cannot rely upon post hoc rationalizations to validate those seizures that happen to turn up contraband."
Now do the same thing with the top of the body. I shirred 3 rows at the top and then left about 1.5" of space before the next series of 3 started. You can use an erasable marking pen or chalk to mark your next starting line (do this before you start any shirring), but I've got a screw hole on my machine that I just held my fabric up to, giving me the desired width.
Melting Pot (bonus if you have a melting pot liner = less clean up!)
Has anyone tried using StumbleUpon? It’s like a discovery engine or web search engine that recommends sites/web pages videos, photos and more, based on users interests.
Drumroll, please . . .
Poor Becca was already there with our tickets waiting for us. So, we had her go inside to hear the first bit. Unfortunately, at this point, I really needed to use the bathroom (thank you, pregnancy) so I literally RAN to the bathroom and we finally found Becca in time to hear the third song.
It has been speculated many times before on prehistoric sites such as this that the Caledonian (Iron Age) fortress on Tap o’ Noth is itself named for an important prehistoric chieftain called Nocht. Etymology of the name is not a misspelling derived from the wind direction! Tap o’Noth overlooks a remarkably dense cluster of ancient sacred sites (Nether Wheedlemont, Upper Ord, Mill of Noth, Clatt, Percylieu to name a few) rivalling the Wiltshire heartland and Salisbury Plain. It has maintained anonymity because of its remote location in western Aberdeenshire, where high mountain routes to the grouse moors and Grampian hills are regularly cut off in winter.
The LCWR leadership has announced that they will be consulting their members, the heads of women’s religious communities around the country, as to how to respond to the CDF announcement. One thing that ordinary Catholics can do is to exercise a ministry of en-courage-ment by writing to the leaders of nuns’ communities that we know and love, and letting them know that they have the support of Catholics in their time of need. We need to let our Sisters know that they are not alone, and that the Catholic people stand courageously in solidarity with them. If we want LCWR to respond with courage to this situation, we must en-courage the Sisters that we know and love.
At lunch the following day, our clients take us out to “a really good place” for lunch. It’s a bar. Complete with cigarette stench. I have a chicken sandwich. Meh.
Luke's helper- Play with Luke and help him with anything he needs as Mom asks.
However, there is one aspect of population that I think would make a useful measure. There is, presumably, an average figure for how many from a local population are likely to become part of an Anglican church - let's say that it's 2.5% for ease - so for every 1,000 population we might expect a congregation of 25 people. We might then set up a system whereby any church which has a congregation of between 2% and 3% of the local population is considered 'average'; those with a congregation of less than 2% are less than average, those with more than 3% are more than average. This would give a rough and ready guide to how churches are doing (and obviously, other factors would need to be taken into account, along the same lines of the 'culture' mentioned earlier. Mission posts would not be expected to be 'average'!)
My buffalo wing obsession began roundabout high school. Dudes would take me out to dinner and I’d always order them. I might have ordered them at dinner the night of prom. I naively referred to it then as a phase. It wasn’t. To this day I’m on the lookout for the perfect place in L.A. to get traditional buffalo wings. I did a Yelp search the other day and the highest rated place on the list was vegan. I know that vegans take care of their own, but still…not a great sign.
My oldest son is seven years old and loves watching Ben 10, he even has a Ben 10 pair of shoes. He wore the shoes so much he wore a hole in them, so I guess it's time we buy him another pair of Ben 10 shoes! I recently was givin an opportunity to review Cartoon Network newest release in the volume three series of Ben 10. Ben 10 Ultimate Alien Volume 3: The Return of Heatblast is the latest installment in the series, in which Ben faces a rematch, Elena appears with a new flock of nanochips and it's up to Ben 10 super fan Jimmy Jones to save the day. In this DVD Ben has to face his past, as enemies come back looking for trouble. Good thing Ben 10 has so many friends to watch his back!
Fall arrived, and all the hustle and bustle that accompanies life on a farm. My husband was fueling up his pickup, about ready to contact farmers and line up the upcoming work week. I would not be going to the field on this balmy day. I planned to stay home and catch up on a few things around the house.
I'll be sure to post again with the details of the new digs when it's ready.
13. Lip Gloss (Sephora - Natural Shine)
Ed Wood liked Plan Nine, but he never said it was a masterpiece. Oliver Stone would never call Alexander his best film, unless he was just being belligerent (a real possibility).
A good friend of mine is studying to be a sommelier, and I enlisted her help in plotting out a plan of attack. She kindly reviewed the vendor list and provided me with detailed written instructions on which vendors and specific wines would be good to try. This information proved crucial, and I printed an extra copy for my stalwart companion who dubbed it our "cheat sheet."
This of course, aside from being absolutely ridiculous, gives the sofa company an enormous amount of free PR.
Eeeeeeeehhhhhhh! A mouse!!
Odds are…it will not happen. But if we look at where we are right now, and work with what we have, we’ll find that we can overcome the challenges and fears we face and create the perfect opportunity that we’d likely never find without the experience and determination we have because of it.
This is Whip Appeal by Mr Ocean
Composed by: Martin Phipps
I stamped the Hero Arts Lattice background stamp in Versamark, then intended to emboss it with white EP, but in the end I opted for clear. I just wanted it to be "not plain", and I think I accomplished that.
The Northcoast Pregnancy Help Centers offer valuable resources to women facing pregnancy decisions. The centers also offer free services, like pregancy testing and limited ultrasounds. Linda Luecke Martha Evans explain how they raise funds through a series of Lifewalks, which take place Saturday, October 3rd. www.northcoastphc.org
I wrote up the first part of this post yesterday and never got around to clicking publish!
I know everyone won’t agree but I’ve always felt that film noir works well in a gothic setting, where the atmosphere is necessarily thick and crimes (particularly crimes of passion) are a basic ingredient. In addition, the social constraints that govern the characters’ lives and actions help to increase the feeling of pressure, while the ornately forbidding homes where many such stories are played out can be just as menacing in their own way as any rain-slicked urban sidewalk. I think the fact that noir isn’t a real genre is one of its great strengths; this lends it a flexibility allowing theme, mood and look to assume as much importance as time and place. Fritz Lang’s House by the River (1950), dripping in heavy gothic atmosphere, confined for the most part to the titular house, and exploiting the suffocating moral code of its period setting, is most definitely film noir. It’s an interesting and at times visually striking work, but not an entirely successful one. However, I’ll go into the reasons for that later.
2 fluffy throw pillows in the perfect color!! (Already washed and on the couch before they could get there pic taken! :) (They were also 30% off – I think they were $3.99?? each before the 30% off)
The DVD comes with a CD with original live music from BACKYARD! Get it or forever repent!
and this really has to be the word of the year
Something changed in me.
ANTON BRUCKNER
One of the movies I wanted to see at the 2011 installment of ActionFest was some French actioner called LARGO WINCH. The description seemed cool and I dug the sound of the movie's pedigree – it's based on a series of novels I'd never heard of that later inspired an ongoing run of wildly popular comic books. That was all I knew but its showtimes conflicted with other entries higher on my list and we never got around to seeing it.
How then?
I'm that dad because they are those kids, bright, eager, interesting, and still fully possessed of their never-lost sense of wonder at this incredible universe.
"Japanese Chick sexing ties in with what I know about my father who was a chick sexer and worked in HB. What I know is that the Japanese who taught the craft skill were no longer allowed to continue their highly skilled precision work after Pearl Harbour or thereabouts with declaration of war and WW2. The role of chick sexing thereafter was passed onto others. It was important work with I believe food production shortages and those skilled were highly paid.
listening rock again
Imran Khan is a Senior Correspondent with Tehelka.
Livin in the USA
Being human (and a woman) that can be difficult to do, but I want to make it a point to glorify His Name with my life---my actions and my words. And it all begins with Him- knowing Him and thirsting to know more and more and more!
I’m sure my South African readers are by now GATVOL of being reminded that 18 July is Nelson Mandela Day. Our radios and television sets have been reminding us, about every 10-15 minutes - that whatever we do on 18 July, it MUST be done for Madiba. I wonder if the promo of this campaign has also been so intense in overseas countries, for it is, after all - supposed to be an International Day. It was declared as such in November 2009, by the UN General Assembly – (who else?), in recognition of the former South African President’s contribution to the culture of peace and freedom… in case you forgot!
This results in a person who while not overeating continues to gain weight. Their body just doesn’t efficiently burn what it consumes but instead “holds on” to it.. sadly this is usually around the belly area which is the first area body stores fat for men and thigh area for women.
In 2005 the two opened the West Hollywood design firm, Lucas Studio. Located in Almont Yard, which was at that time the closest thing L.A. had to an design 'colony'- housing other top notch designers such as Kathryn Ireland, Nathan Turner and Peter Dunham. Within 3 years, the two expanded by opening their showroom, Harbinger. As the team's success and business flourished, they knew it was time to step things up and expand. Their newly opened Harbinger showroom now sits along, L.A.'s premier design row on La Cienega.
It’s hot. Very hot; hottest day of the year so far, and the people of Wimbledon are packing the High Street, taking advantage of a bank holiday to spend the day battling through the crowds of other shoppers on the pavements narrowed by road works. We leave the crowds behind and head away from the town centre parallel to the District Line, along streets of Victorian villas. Past Wimbledon Park Station, with its original, quaint cottagey Metropolitan District Railway booking hall dating from 1889, and into Wimbledon Park. The entrance from Home Park Road leads onto a stone balustraded terrace which looks down over the Park; to the north east, a great view to distant central London: Battersea Power Station; the London Eye; the Shard; Tower 42 and 40 St Mary Axe.
Heart doily - stash
I was along for the ride too, mostly taking photos but also chatting with people about beer and the magazine project and all kind of things. A few of us skipped the official after party and headed for the beer bar, where were had a couple of beers to add to the decently large total of parade beers (not many were drinking ... me, a crew of Irish guys, plus a few older guys).
I mean, kill me now – twice.
For the second year in a row, I was successful in the raffle. My first winning ticket yielded a bottle of the 2009 Sierra Nevada and Dogfish Head collaboration, Life and Limb. My second ticket awarded me with a series of every Fred Fest tasting glass made - filling in some gaps from the years I've missed.
07-22 Atlanta, GA – Fox Theatre Atlanta
Pastry Cream, chilled, recipe follows
Once they pick up their basket, they go find that assigned number on the floor. I wrote out the numbers on name tags and just stuck them on the floor. This was a management thing to make sure they would not sit too close to another group.
I miss her love.
I dashed across to the other hazel and sure enough there were a few catkins on that one too. 'She's getting rather over excited about a few hazel catkins' I can hear you all saying and it's true that there are many country hedgerows to be seen with hazel trees covered in catkins at the moment. These are rather special ones though because.....
The Town That Santa Forgot ... Boomerang ... 7:30 AM
No doubt, CIA, RAW and Mossad are the real originators of sectarian violence in Iraq and now in Pakistan as part of other subversive acts which keep on going.
"Did Dad pay when we lived with her?" he asked.
Say the words out loud and they will make more sense:) These are the first few lines of the oldest known English part song, it was written in the mid 13th century.I can remember learning to sing it in music lessons at school when I was 12 or 13 years old. (The word 'sing' is used very loosely here!) It's written in Middle English, the language of Geoffrey Chaucer and The Canterbury Tales. In case you're struggling it translates:
10/20 – Minneapolis, MN – The Cabooze
3. friends – these are the people you’re friends with, but don’t go out of your way to hang out with all the time. someone brings them up in conversation and it’s “oh, yeah i’m friends with them!” but not much more than that
I have decided that I will occasionally publish a post with a link to some of my earlier poems. These three were posted when I first started my blog and had almost no readers at all. Many of my subscribers have started fairly recently and might want to read these as well. However, some of you may have read them already. So I’ll try to give a description and enough of the beginning lines that perhaps you can recognize the poem. That way, you won’t have to read it again – unless you want to.
The anorexic comment hurts the most, because for your information, I am 5 foot 6 and a half inches tall and should weigh between 130 and 160, and I am currently 144 pounds, so I am still in my weight range, I am not under weight, I do eat and I do not binge (thank you very much). I was just determined and set a goal and people that know me really well know that when I set a goal for something NOTHING will stop me from my goal.
Next I trimmed around my image and edged the top with my Martha Stewart Heart punch, and then edged this with my black card.
Professional Projects: None of the specifically listed goals, however, I've left my catering job for a job at the Cambridge School of Culinary Arts. It's an office job (assisting with job placements and things of that nature) and it's part time to start, but I'm really excited about it.
Frankenstein (1931) 4 Stars
To be able to overcome your current state and evolve it will require some sacrifices: renouncing at arrogance, start having courage, working hard, loving the life that surrounds you (nature, animals, and humans), not doing to the others what you don’t want to receive (Karma), helping every time, sharing your knowledge, teaching the others, constantly learning and improving yourself, having a family and not ultimately loving the Creator that gave you life and sacrifice His life for you.
Where are you living?
Hi Everybody!!!
The (M.R.U.) Most Recently Used list is an individual usage list, of which there can be many MRU’s running at one time. They record every action you or your computer makes; every thing you download and everything you say. Some of the more advanced applications even record every keystroke made on your keyboard so that it can be reconstructed later. When you hear someone say, ‘My computer is acting so slow’, this is mainly because these M.R.U’s that are currently running beyond your control or knowledge are constantly updating Microsoft and anyone else who’s listening in the background.
Customer: "Just one red one."
"Well I wouldn't worry about it. I'm sure you'll find a nice girl to marry when you get older. Of course she'll never be as good as me...."
Otaku are a curious lot. The domestic, Japanese brand of zealousness is legendary, truly something marvelous and/or frightening to behold, as fervent devotion to favored idols, seiyuu, anime/manga characters, bands and other celebrities goes far beyond mere “fanaticism,” which is perhaps the closest Western analogue, although not nearly the same level of intensity. When scandal breaks, the otaku community erupts and the colossal outpouring of visceral response -be it bitterness; resentment; jealousy; or other form of discontent- can spread like a metastasizing, virulent contagion and the effects can linger long after things have technically “blown over.” They can be militantly hostile in defending an icon/franchise and are very outspoken if they feel industry professionals are not living up to perceived standards (Just ask Anno Hideaki).
In the lounge, Ji Woo sits down while Seung Yeon brings coffee but trips when the neighboring table’s people move and Ji Woo catches Seung Yeon. He reminds her he promised to take care of her now. She asks him if he can’t just be her friend like he was before. They’ve been friends for 20 years already. All this time, Seung Yeon has lived protecting Ji Woo and right now things are changing too quickly for her. He points out he wants to be more than just her friend, the person to protect her and her boyfriend and asks her if that’s wrong. She tells him no, it’s not wrong and before he can say more, Ji Woo continues.
I think what I love most about Needful Things though is the originality of the story and the appeal of Gaunt's sadistically fun plan for people to plan pranks on others. I can just imagine Stephen King standing in front of a corkboard with push pins and strings - constructing the web of who's fighting with who and who plays the pranks that set them off. The supernatural element of the novel is somewhat downplayed, so that the story can focus more on the characters and the effect that Gaunt's tricks are having on them. Yes, Gaunt is a demon who steals souls, and seems to know just about everything about everybody in town, and has eyes that frequently change color, and is able to repulse anybody with just a touch, but that is the real extent of the supernatural that we get. It's the characters that are really at the forefront here, and what is brought out in them when their biggest fears are shoved in their faces, and I love the way that King chose to present that with this story. It's a highly original idea and it completely works with what King was trying to say. His writing style in this book is also what most people refer to as "vintage King" - like he's slightly sophisticated but still naughty and nasty at the same time.
Goose Island 312 Urban Wheat
I came away disappointed, I had looked forward to visiting an ancient manor house with lots of history and while there were a few features in some of the rooms, the overall restoration had too modern a feel and could have been handled more sympathetically in the kitchen/bathrooms particularly. The furniture was all supplied by the National Trust and some of it was more in keeping than the rest but overall I don't feel it had a lot to offer the person who loves history more than houses.
At LAST. At. Long. Bloody. Last. It's the summer break. I have six weeks of no school. I would say I haven't felt like this since I was a seventeen except that I used to get 3 months off when I was in High School and 8 weeks off in primary. The British education system is a tad stingier with vacation time. Still I'm not going anywhere near this gift-horse's gob. I'm just pleased that my jammies and I can get reacquainted with the daylight hours.
Last night saw the folk of Manchester given the rare opportunity to meet and sample the wares of a bona fide Dutch microbrewer. Emelisse aren’t too well known around these parts, but are a major player in the burgeoning Dutch scene and some of their beers have appeared on the bar in the Port St Beer House.
and she's not the one.
19: 1:55-2:00
Lately, I’ve noticed how much I love working with writers in the newsroom. With their writing in particular, and it suddenly struck me how jealous I was of our professor, Larry. He gets good, consistent pay (and tenure, eventually) to be the head of a newspaper with very little risk. As a student paper, we can get things wrong and just shrug and say “We learning!” and for him, all the blame falls on me as the student EIC, because it is my job to make sure the paper gets produced and his job to help us if we go to him for help and to guide us to the right answers. If he doesn’t know the answer, we figure it out together. I would LOOOOOOOVE to nurture journalism. Of course, there’s the pesky teaching of classes and all the things that come with teaching, like lesson plans, grading and the like…but that comes with the territory.
Hair Accessory: Coral orange flower clip from Accessorize
The board ruled that it would not be in the interest of the community to release Van Gund too soon, viewed in the light of the seriousness of his offences.
Backed by the Pope, on the evening of Friday 13th of October, 1307, Templars were arrested all over France and charged with heresy. That earned Friday the 13th its place in superstition for being unlucky — it certainly was if you were being burned at the stake!
Propagate, rapid displace, the taste of rose blood
Current Taiji Mayor Kazutaka Sangen claims that the Japanese government and the Taiji fishermen are not willing to change their plans, and stated in an interview with The Associated Press that “we will pass down the history of our ancestors to the next generation, preserve it. We have a strong sense of pride about this”. Sangen also says that the cove is equivalent of a slaughterhouse anywhere else in the world, a naturally gory place that is usually closed off from public view. The major difference here is that most slaughterhouses around the world have laws regarding the treatment of animals. These laws require the animals to be stunned unconscious prior to the slaughtering so that they feel no pain. The dolphin drive hunts in Taiji are conducted with a complete disregard for animal welfare, and there are no restrictions on capture or killing methods, including time to death.
Are you aware of World Book Day? April 23 was established by UNESCO as World Book Day in 1995 to promote reading, publishing and copyright. Why April 23rd*? Because in 1616, Cervantes, Shakespeare and Inca Garcilaso de la Vega all died. April 23rd is also the date of birth or death of other authors such as Maurice Druon, Halldor Laxness, Vladimir Nabokov, Josep Pla and Manuel Mejía Vallejo. And, while she may not be in the same class as these luminaries, the Australian creator of Mary Poppins, P.L. Travers died on April 23 (in 1996).
Film critic Geoffrey O’Brien talks about Killer’s Kiss. He compares it to a student film in the sense that it was done for very little money, was an opportunity for the young Kubrick to experiment, and demonstrates his promise as an aspiring filmmaker. He points out that there is a loose, almost improvisational quality that would be less evident in later films as Kubrick became a more skillful director.
is knowing you are mine
TBL provides the following as examples: someone 'finding their way through the medical websites to find out about cancer or what a lump could be, or an adolescent finding their way through a website about homosexuality when they are wondering what they are and talk to people about it'. Accordingly, for TBL, 'sometimes the internet gets this view of somebody’s life which is incredibly intimate and therefore its abuse is potentially incredibly powerful'. One this basis, the idea that governments 'should routinely record information about people is obviously very dangerous' because such information can be stolen or acquired by corrupt officials which could be used to blackmail others. In TBL's opinion 'if the government feels that it is really necessary to acquire any information about individuals then ... there should be a very strong independent body which has complete oversight and can check for each situation where the government has decided to spy on people'.
On June 15, 2011, The National (United Arab Emirates) reported on the escalation of U.S. drone attacks in Yemen. According to The National, an official with the Yemeni Ministry of Defence claims that the U.S. had launched over 15 drone strikes in the country in the first two weeks of June. The newspaper also quoted the deputy governor of Abyan province, Abdullah Luqman, condemning the attacks and stating: “These are the lives of innocent people being killed. At least 130 people have been killed in the last two weeks by U.S. drones”, Mr Luqman said.
So she can take care of the nest,
Catniss Everdeen isn't your average heroine! At sixteen, she faces a test that places her life, her loved ones, her city, and even her soul in peril. Despite the burdens, she remains strong, clever, brave, and honorable. I felt like Catniss was a real girl. She wasn't too perfect, and she wasn't too flawed. She wasn't too cynical, and she wasn't overly sentimental. It wil never be said of Catniss that she was dependent on anyone, but she never exhibited the "stupid independence" that many heroines do when they ignore sage advice and genuine offers of assistance. This character shirked every worn-out plot device and stereotype of the literary heroine, emerging as something intriguing, respectable, and unique. Writers of adult fiction could learn a lot from this book about developing believable female protagonists
You should have hand-written a card to me. You have never written to thank me when you have stayed.
“But no one will know the words,” offered my mother-in-law.
Me: But I'm going to Drogheda.
fracture into the breakfast room or the upper kitchen
“I think we just got a clue into Mitch. Turns out he’s affiliated with The Fox Hole Syndicate. The coroner just found a tattoo of a fox head on the underside of Mitch’s left arm.”
Right now you can change the plush's body, extremities, and head shape in many different ways. You can also custom design the facial features and even add some different art work on the body (like the heart on Lauren's). All of these customizations can have many different colors too. This is where all the fun comes in. You can switch the features around, add, delete, resize them, change the colors....and just have fun with it.
Golden Valley Brewery
The entire financial mess the world is in will now prove to be a mirage that we, the innocent taxpayer, have been led to believe in….
First class and second class citizens of any nation
When I got home, I soaked in the tub till I feel asleep. I remember that my mother woke me, made me eat crackers, and then sent me to bed where I slept for the next 18 hours.
I like my arms the way they are ie not covered in scratches.
and so she's fully potty-trained.
There is always a story, and a hero. A Jesus, a Buddha, a Moses or Muhammad. A Joseph Smith, a Persephone. The stories are miraculous, tragic, silly. It’s what comes later that is interesting—the cantatas, the NGOs, the Haj.
I already knew from web reviews that the hostel was renovated in 2006, quiet and well-maintained, and the staff is nice and helpful. But I was still totally impressed by the nice staff anyway, who have been exceedingly helpful with everything, from helping me to buy a sim card and load up on minutes, to offering me a free upgrade to a "bigger room." I was expecting a bigger room (the initial single was rather tiny), but what I actually found myself in was a 2-bedroom suite with three beds! Wow! I totally felt like goldilocks, I tried each bed until I found one that was most comfortable. :) I just can't give enough compliments to the helpfulness, patience, and kindness of the staff here. When my friends called on the first day, the receptionist told them I was probably sleeping and took a message. And since then, they've been careful not to wake me up to clean the rooms, without my asking. And they are always happy to give advice about buses, restaurants, anything you can think of. Plus they are not very busy in the off-season so they are happy to chat with you. On some of the days, I seem to be the only guest at the hostel -- they happily shoo away random passer-bys who want a room to make sure that they only get trustworthy customers. That means a quiet room for me, a whole courtyard in the back by myself, and all the staff's attention. :)
If you suspected the newly released U.S. Religion Census overstated the LDS Church's growth rate, you were right. That's because, this time around, the Utah-based faith changed the way it reported its membership to the researchers.
scrubbing coal dust from his back
And with that, we have all the pieces we need to set our story in motion. A sympathetic hero/heroine, a villain, and a drive. With that proclamation from the mirror, our story is set in motion. We have a villain who wants something and a hero that prevents them from getting it. Everything that follows will spring from that basic story. All the details that follow are window dressing for that one simple story: Will Snow White escape the jealous Queen and live happily ever after? The dwarves, the Huntsman, the Prince, the poison apple, the glass coffin… all of that serves the central question.
We have donated $143 since opening my Etsy shop. (I say "we" because my past customers are partnering with me in these donations...whether they know it or not!) As loans are repaid, I re-loan the money, which means that we have been able to loan $200 total so far. There is $129 still being repaid and that will be re-loaned as well, which will bring the grand total of money loaned to $329 for an investment of $143.
Chapter 10: oBay Introduction
Stayed tuned for more adventures with the Daggs, something exciting might just happen.
it is 1959 and I go get a shoeshine
Turquoise boards with Gilt titling to the Spine.
Announcement of winners will be on JULY 4
You know, Kodi may not be much. She in fact is called a "tripod" now, meaning she has only 3 legs. She's lying at my feet snoring at the moment, settling back into her home in the first hours since leaving the hospital. But oh, she's not done teaching me about how to live - even how to live missionally in a ravaged, hard world full of injustice and the blight of evil. What a good dog she is.
Maybe my girl card should be revoked. Clearly, I’m not girly enough to understand this strange phenomenon, because even my three-year old niece has purses that are crammed full of stuff. Granted, I don’t recall ever carrying a Barbie everywhere with me, but that is neither here nor there.
Our Saturday group of volunteers were busy clearing the invasive plant cotoneaster from the cliffs, where it is smothering the native plants. This hardy group meet once a month on a Saturday to undertake a variety of tasks led by Claire our Warden. They were like mountain goats as they stripped the low growing shrub off the rocky outcrops and then burned it to ensure it didn’t spread its seeds.
Well, my friend, look up: on panel four, she's the girl running away from the painting. She escaped, Winnie replaced her, logical, isn't it? Ah, but I see you're well ahead of me, you're already reading a book about the painting. Interesting stuff, isn't it? The orgy was painted in 1868 by a certain Donald Wanderlanger, and it was claimed that he killed one his models during the process, but no one could find the body. Hmmm, maybe he didn't kill her after all, maybe he just trapped her into the painting.
D: "Hey Mom, what's blue and lives on the moon?"
We joked about the speed and height at which the water moved, fantasizing about riding in little umbrella boats down the water stream. All we had to do was flip those puppies over and we’d be good to go! Like something out of a Disney movie. Only we were kids, not animated mice.
My beautiful daughter. How bittersweet life is these days. These months seem so much to parallel those of last summer. Except you are not here. Except I am not the same person I was last summer. You are going to have a little sisiter. I am hopeful for her. I am longing for you. I wish with all my heart that you could both be. That I could have you both.
But if you know Ivey then you know she LOVES water.
Police went to the place the three had driven from, where they found two policemen, said Zondi. He would not say whether this was a house.
The 19 year old that raped the 14 year old girl in the back seat of the car says, “F’ing bitch! You are such a &^%$# tease!” as if she did this to him.
We had a fairly quiet day on Sunday so I jumped straight into making some of Leigh's recipes. I don't have a lot of experience with pastry making although I do love eating it. Ready made puff pastry sheets are usually my preferred option for when the pastry cravings hit. I started with lemon and passionfruit tarts which used a sweet shortcrust pastry. The pastry was a breeze to put together although rolling it out after the resting period took me a while. The lemony filling required little effort and as I don't own any tart cases, I made mini tarts using a muffin tray to make the cases. They were really lovely with a wonderful tangy flavour from the lemons, just my type of sweet.
His goal is to make sense of that pile. Tibco’s mantra: the right information to the right people at the right time in the right context. “I have this idea that math now trumps science,” Ranadivé says. “The simplest example is the thermostat in your house. You don’t need to have a Ph.D. in weather. Your thermostat simply looks at the temperature, and if it gets cold, it turns the heater on. And then the minute the temperature gets too hot, it turns the heater off. You don’t need to be a weather scientist to do that, okay? Like what we did for Reliance Communications. It’s the same thing. You don’t really have to know the why of something. Or the how. You just know if a and b happen, then c will happen.”
i wanted to ascend into pure love and light... but i was way too afraid.
Lisans in hand, in word an athlete, in reality just a person who enjoys the fact that she can run again, I was ready to make the call and register for the race.
Katie has some great ideas as well. I will attempt to make and hang pictures for our own Stations of the Cross around the house.
if you can call it that
21.9k - Justice, equity and compassion in human relations
If Annie had discovered the divine pleasures of bone marrow, surely she would have sung a different tune.
Leave your life to rose colored glasses because you have astigmatism and pink eye. I wanna be thugged from some wild place in the gut and find that the ropes lead to a lumber. The ropes, they probably lead to a restraining order. Love is one perpetual raincheck. It’s fake. It’s like the chupacabra. Whimsy is in the heart of the beholder. It’s actually whimsy is fake. The map of my soul is laid out on old worn paper illustrated as ocean waves battering a sole island kept by ferns at its center a wolf. Well that’s a bullshit romantic view of myself. I’m sophisticated as fuck. This is really uplifting.
- Fresh pork loin centre cut chops boneless $4.99/lb ($11.00/kg)
Well I promise I will try and keep up with this Blog malarky. I still have to show you the other layouts in my daughters 21st Album.
On a more positive note, when I’m done doing 100000 push ups I’m going to start writing scripts for some stories I’ve been keeping on my USB so I’ll probably write and develop sitcom scripts or short movies. Something to pass the time, seeing as I have 5 months off. I plan to write my first full length radio script this summer and then try and send it to a radio company thingy…going to need to research that one.
The man couldn’t get over how a small patch of flowers grew there where she had died almost over night, and not one weed would move in to take over the ugly burned lot again. It had been a house from hell for him. His father had beaten and abused him there until the day he ran away. Many years had gone by, his father was dead a long time now. He came back to town to have the house torn down and to sell the lot for the back taxes. He had been trying to do the right thing, laying the past to rest. He hadn’t planned on raping and killing the woman who looked at him and the house with such disgust. The old memories just came flooding back of his father raping him as a boy and he lashed out in pain and anger. He did the same thing to someone else that had been done to him…
This battle is now being played out in most American public institutions. “Tocquevillians and Gramscians clash on almost everything that matters. Tocquevillians believe that there are objective moral truths applicable to all people at all times. Gramscians believe that moral ‘truths’ are subjective and depend upon historical circumstances. Tocquevillians believe in personal responsibility. Gramscians believe that ‘the personal is political.’ In the final analysis, Tocquevillians favor the transmission of the American regime; Gramscians, its transformation.”
We zoomed home, and my little sparkle goth tore off her normal clothes and put on her new duds, including some black (non-sparkly) leggings she already had. She was so excited by the completed ensemble, I was afraid she might explode. While gazing at herself lovingly in the mirror, she said, "I look HOT!" I thought BH might keel over.
7 Business Standard’s editorial, that the ruckus over FDI in retail signals that the political class in India is anti-reform. The political drama over the opening up of the retail sector to foreign investment is significant, not on account of whatever might happen to the immediate issue, but for what it says about the prospects of any kind of economic reform. In and of itself, the opening up of the retail sector is not hugely important, except as a signal that the government is still capable of taking decisions. The real message is that it has become impossible to reform India. If an innocuous decision on retail creates near-unanimous opposition, including from members of the ruling alliance and important people in the Congress itself, what prospects can there possibly be for labour reform, or cutting out the waste in all the government boondoggles dished out in the name of poverty alleviation? The larger message is that India’s political class has no time for economic reform, and no understanding of the need for it in an uncertain world where China becomes more powerful day by day on the strength of its superior economic performance.
alike, every sphere is opaque to the others which surround it. . . . In
This policy is valid from 3 August 2010
As regular readers know, I am a huge fan of vampires, and have accordingly decreed that the typical Arandish Vampire is much more powerful than the "standard" D&D vampire. I have little to add to my prior comments about the role vampires play in my D&D game, but I want to take this opportunity to explain which pop-cultural (and specifically, cinematic) vampires have been most influential to me.
New projects - 0
Brazil’s richest man is gearing up to take over the world. Making a play for foreign investors, Batista announced this year the opening of an office in New York and his intention to list some of his companies on the London Stock Exchange. Through his holding company, EBX, Batista controls businesses spanning mining, shipbuilding, energy, logistics, tourism and entertainment. After months of discussions, he was triumphant in February in taking control of Canadian gold outfit Ventana. Two-thirds of his fortune comes from OGX, the oil and gas exploration company he founded in 2007 and took public a year later. He says the company will start producing oil this year. In rare recent setback, his planned IPO for his shipbuilding business (OSX), meant to be the world’s largest IPO in 2010, was a disappointment and has had a lukewarm reception in the Brazilian market.
*** You could also do the same thing with round labels and make your own sticker/seals... (like I sell in my store...wink, wink :)
Two years ago, Zamzami incited further controversy in Morocco when he said it was permissible for pregnant women to drink alcohol.
If you were to ask me today, based Jacob’s area of concerns only, what grade I believe Jacob’s level of ability to complete work without any problem or need for help, I would say first. I DEMAND to know how Jacob is going to get the help and services he needs to achieve third grade level performance, as well as the ability to function as a thriving and excelling student going forward in this district. My son is entering third grade next school year, yet he cannot read a chapter book, he cannot write a complete sentence, let alone a paragraph without assistance.
It gives a very good idea of how they treat their figs.
He said, “We are aware that some people want Azazi to go. We have also told the President to ignore such people.”
but deliver thy referendum.
Model - Leila Jay @ Select Model Management
Forget if you can, or get on with what you may. I use what I have to use, to get on with things. Sometimes it’s the less than desirable route, sometimes it passes over a night fold. Wipe it away the best you can, and if you can’t handle it push it somewhere fast and far. Or make it into something useful, and leave something for someone to read, look at, or listen to.
Well you knew it just couldn't last!! I can't breath without thinking about them or is it because they are all over the craft room as I've still not cataloged them properly yet!! lol
So the Jews related to Paul in the same scientific way. They knew that Jesus of Nazareth lived and that he was but a man. They knew that He had followers but it was no more than any number of sects that came and went. They knew that He taught but so did many other religious leaders of the day.
It states in this PDF document on page 77, that:
DJ Naiki (Chief Rockers)
Also, things have finally settled down at bit today, so I am starting to go through volunteer applications today, starting with Graphics Specialist, Goodreads Moderator, and Publicitiy Committee. Judges will be getting emails in the next few days as well.
This blue is bright and blue, and the metallic shimmer does not diminish the bright tone at all, really nice! :)
Take 1/2, 1, 2 or even loops around the lake whatever works for you! I will try and have ride leaders for 1 loop, 2 loops or 3 loops.
My second novel, Unto Zeor, Forever (#2 in Sime~Gen now) won the Galaxy Award for Spirituality In Science Fiction and is much closer to today’s SFR style. (talk about mixed genre!)
Clients who are strangely persistent about samples spur red flags in our office. Trust is pretty important to me. If you trust me, and I love you than I'm going to go above and beyond for you. I'm going to buy the tree peonies at $7.5 a stem even when Asheley says we're over budget. There is NOTHING more exhilarating in my work than making incredible flowers for clients who love what we do. Nothing. And no budgets, whether big or small will ever stop us from finding those people we can make happy with flowers.
SATURDAY, MAY 5 AT 11AM AND 1PM
3birds pp-Straight from the Nest
Aren’t they lovely and that color is definitely my color. The bigger dish is 9” square and the smaller on is 5” square. Sigh Le Creuset
I'm way behind in my CD shopping and so haven't had a chance to listen to Pop Sounds just yet, but while I did very much enjoy their old sound what little I've heard of the new one sounds prefectly agreeable too. Check out the music video for the new version of Lucky G below:
As Nazi Germany attempts to annex Austria two childhood friends, one a Jew and one a German, find themselves on opposite sides.
After accosted I was at 4am
“Pyjamas and tracksuits are sloppy so I only wear Abercrombie & Fitch tracksuits to go to my yoga class. If you dress comfortably, you don’t get the look.”
Their location will be fantastic for the Olympics and as other bloggers have said having a craft beer bar in a shopping centre is definitely a step further forward for the advocates of great beer in the UK. If you are out East give it a visit.
the only problem that I had was where to join the last round to the inner sections.
This leaves me dependent on the tools and craft of the dentist to fix up the damage. Well, I reckon they're doing a fine job. I still have all my teeth, patched up as they are. I don't think my 18th century counterpart would have been so lucky. Nor my third-world counterpart. The public health service is providing me with the wonderful service of these skilled workers and the benefits of high technological standards, in this case without a ridiculous waiting list to get through, and as a pensioner, I only had to pay a contribution of $25 for today's appointment. I am so thankful for our public health services.
No, you did not just have a small stroke. Me. The league is short on coaches so... yeah. I know. You're processing. Me too. It's a lot of information. Sit down. Get a drink if you need to. I certainly did.
Why is the Church described as apostolic?
10 Dreams 07:27
Sure as death and taxes she’s in need of a man
I know I shouldn't be projecting my wants on her. Not that they seem to bother her, she just keeps powering on, growing up faster than I can keep track of.
— Linda Rapka (words + photo)
“But whenever anyone turns to the Lord, the veil is taken away.
'Yes that's more than generous..'
This is generally a serious(ish) blog offering sound(ish) advice on writing. But I think Sundays should be a day off from serious(ish) professional stuff and so from now on Sunday posts will be more personal reflections on frivolous things. I might even try to make some tenuous link with writing, but I'm sure I won't always succeed.
the objects around your house, the person sitting across from you.
My compound provides a "limo" service with decent drivers. I just book a car when I need to go out. It's pretty simple to use this service.
I won't be making this again for myself, but I will make it for the two other weirdos that live in this house. (And no Mrblocko, I'm not referring to the cats.)
of stars as sacred crown,
Alice Springs
The Wild March Wind Today . . .
1 spanish onion, diced
brown 1 pound of ground beef (drain the fat)
We all lug books (or at least our e-readers) on vacation. But sometimes the most exciting book discoveries come while we're on vacation and either find a new book or author, rediscover an old favourite, or have someone recommend a book. I first read The Stand at the age of 13 because my uncle happened to have it lying around.
Hitters and the Chichi music
I'd be happy to run in this way for long periods, since the IC718 is really a re-badged IC-78 which is sold as a rugged HF radio to Commercial users.
‘Police cars were flying up the runway. There were four fire engines, paramedics, a helicopter.’
ABV: 9.37%
As far as I know the last time this work was printed was in the late 1800s, edited by Fr. John Morris, S.J. in his book, The Devotions of the Lady Lucy Herbert of Powis. The edition that I’m reproducing here was printed in 1791. The book can be viewed on line at Google Books.
You feel kind of crappy when you don’t write.
I have been painting snowy paintings for winter, which I shall show you soon. Meantime, I am selling pictures at the Chagford ChristMART tomorrow, Saturday 5th December in the Jubilee Hall from 9am - 1pm. I shall be in excellent artistic company, and there'll be mulled wine too.
every year from FAAC, so the
Answering God, Eugene Peterson, 23-32
Still waiting for Spring, though with increasing impatience. I woke up to frost and then the sky threw lumps of ice at me on the way in to the office.
The prompt was to write about three objects I see from my computer.
She'll never be the same
3. And finally, you can win the only signed proof copy of Daughter Am I and have fun doing it by going on a treasure hunt. Click here for a chance to win the book: Treasure Hunt!
I don't recall seeing signs that read, "New company policy: We are not buying any overpriced gasoline until Bush is gone."
I'm sure many teenagers of the period annoyed many an art teacher, mine included, with endless 2000ad and sci-fi inspired opuses, many of which would probably get us sent to school psychologists in these current times, but we didn't have those then so we got to draw. I distinctly remember one project where there was some quote about a circus and something behind a curtain and I more or less drew the below, from a Megazine story called the Black Widow, with an almost unrecognizable curtain as a border around it.
This is the beautiful 'Boobie Love' Available here, I can't help but colour her up time and time again. Once again I would like to thank Krista Smith for giving her away to us all!
Please Sign up for your subscription today on each one….
I didn't do any preparations last night.
It was on my list.
Hey Strangers!! Still no new computer, so I'm back with a super quick post. Miss E's laptop has a mind of its own, and makes it very frustrating to write on. The cursor jumps around while you type. Argh!!
I will continue this defense that to be set free from the world affections of things such as pornography, new affections must replace it and they must be stronger and greater than the powerful pull of pornography. Point two from Chalmers tomorrow.
But that was then... this morning it was 35 degrees when I got up...
Today is the day that I stop eating for two, even though I am not pregnant.
It seems that Brazil is finally winning its currency war.
Erin Gray (Jason Goes to Hell: The Final Friday)
Yes, eggs are an awesome staple to start your day. But say you're looking for something a little more fancy-pants. Indulgent, without being indulgent, you know what I mean? Enter the custard. I love making custard as a night-before project that has my breakfast ready-to-eat, no cooking, the next morning!
I was once told I don’t look like a feminist. I asked, “What do you mean?” and the guy explained, “Well, you’re wearing feminine clothes and make-up!” Indeed, I wear make-up quite regularly and I take a long time to do my hair. I shave my legs and my armpits and I like to wear dresses. I don’t look masculine or even gender neutral. And that’s okay because feminism is not an effort to dispel gender differences. You don’t need to look like a man in order to support gender equality.
If only- one teeny tiny decision- here instead of there, and this would have been $34, or perhaps even free. And despite my efforts, it is my fault. I feel like I am robbing my family.
3-4 ripe bananas, mashed
This is a brilliant post by John Hope Bryant, that clearly expresses the sentiment that if African Americans had a Bill Gates-type-entrepreneurial role model then the vision for the Black community would not be limited to a mindset of ‘only the lucky get out’, and the ‘victory’ would not be narrowed to simply having a ‘Black President”.
“Did you notice that dead squirrel at the end of your driveway?” I ask. “The smell is getting pretty bad. You know, it’s your responsibility to dispose of that kind of thing if it’s in front of your house.”
I was selling to national retail chains who were purchasing cleaning products in full truckloads, with orders being shipped into national warehouses. Delivery to individual stores was accomplished through a distribution system owned by the stores. My accounts were companies such as Safeway Supermarkets, and Eddie Bauer department stores, located in the northwestern part of the US. If the account did not purchase in full truckloads, then I was not allowed to even call on them.
When I'm ellipticalling, I am sweating my face off and I have been going for time equivalent, not distance.
I’ve got a photo in my town’s newspaper that is supposed to hit the stands today. It’s of my daughter and some mates in dance class. I only wish her face was better hidden. Then I could share it, here.
baking paper; saucepan; wooden spoon; 2 mixing bowls;
2. Remember that learning means changing and change takes time. If I expect to improve my communication easily and quickly, I am in for a disappointment. You don’t go from zero to hero; don’t expect it. You are in for a challenge, so it helps to view it that way. Be happy with every new word, every new sentence, every new concept. Compare where you are now to where you started from. (This works for weight loss diets too…)
The technology has to be developed, first and foremost, before these companies are allowed to BLOW SMOKE UP OUR ASSES, and submit papers filled with lies and bullshit in order to get operating permits. SEVEN oil companies have submitted plans to protect the WALRUS'S in the Gulf of Mexico, while also promising to be able to clean up any and all spills. THERE ARE ABSOLUTELY NO WALRUS'S IN THE GULF OF MEXICO. What fucking idiots.
Meyer is the daughter of Jennifer and the late Robert Forrest of Suring and of the late Keith Gruber of Coleman.
To watch 3 bold people challenge this rusted Brake Bros convention,and put before the piggy(Greg Wallace) and the chef(Michel Roux Jr.) amazing creativity, can make me want to have been a chef since I was 16 too. All the skills they have in their repertoire stab blind those who over boil and roast to death, and garnish for nothing.
5. In 2008, Paul pointed to these positions as a possible reason why he received more support from blacks than any other GOP candidate, which polls showed to be true.
on its haunches and watches.
Initially, the separation between what Thrall is and what she’d prefer him to be was more stark. We had less details. The storytellers then opted to steer us toward the Aggra Concept of Go’el by giving us glimpses of Thrall’s fears, desires, and doubts through the Elemental Bonds questline in Patch 4.2. Here, we were shown that Thrall apparently does desire A) a mate, B) a family, and C) to lay down his arms and have peace with his enemies. There has been little to no mention of any of this prior to patch 4.2. Yes, that’s 6+ years of Thrall without any such in-depth exploration of his character.
Him: Is this all the trash that needs to go out?
22 June TUNBRIDGE WELLS Bedgebury Pinetum & Forest
And on a slightly more selfish level, I love that the hobby that wasn't "cool" in the sixth grade is now something people tell me they wish they could do. If I could, I'd go back to eleven-year-old me and tell myself not to feel stupid for being in the orchestra.
For the Toad in the Hole:
Read that again. Once more. Now think about that. Are your ears bleeding yet? No? Read it one more time then. Now think about it some more.
Unfortunately I didn't get much chance to pop around everyone desks yesterday but hope to catch up over the weekend. Meanwhile I'm still crafting away getting ready for the weekend.
Anne's card is my favourite this week, we had so many great entries in our challenge. I picked her's for my love of snowmen, but also I love all the added details, the fluffy hat, the snowflake sparkle, and the added charm for the great friend it is for, Thanks Anne for participating in our challenge.
And then I had to go, out the door, mind in turmoil. Why had I put a smart-arse remark on it? I never do that. Why had I not double-checked before I hit send? I always do that.
* I didn’t pause long enough to acknowledge or thank you for your efforts. I truly appreciate you even in the hurried moments that I don’t say it.
My diet has improved. I’m eating better than I have in the past, but certainly not as well as I could. I have been to the gym only once in the past month.
4 Ways To Fight Pharisaism With The Gospel
So as the new paint dried in our kitchen, I shook the cornhusks from my hair, mustered my courage and called Comcast.
“Cuál Volcán? Tungurahua?
Somehow, he weathered massive storms
* Friend me on Facebook (+ 1 point)
Fortunately, we are not alone in the fight for freedom. We are in the company of heroes and friends. This gives us the strength to continue.
If you have less than 7 days, I suggest concentrate on just either North or South Island.
Purple Rain Lipliner (NYX)
I'll be taking this blog down, permanently, in a few days.
Wowza Media Systems is the “Any Screen Done Right™” media server software company delivering an industrial-strength infrastructure for streaming live video, video-on-demand, live recording, and video chat. Wowza has a singular focus on delivering high-performance media server software to service providers, media properties, enterprises, and other organizations serious about delivering video to any digital screen — computer, mobile phone, or home TV. More than 100,000 global licensees in entertainment, social media, advertising, enterprise, education, government, and Internet commerce have deployed Wowza Media Server to date. Wowza Media Systems is privately held with headquarters in Evergreen, Colo.
Palmer goes onto to state several negative things about the job that he would not like such as … “I would not like having to give up my writing and my teaching…I would not like the politics of the presidency, never knowing who your real friends are…”
I’ve been telling you (telepathically) for years to just end it at the end of Aizen’s super-arc. I must’ve said it a thousand times!
The gate closes. Her hair moves first, and then her head turns; she looks at me over the burgundy uniform; “See you, Dad!” she shouts. “Take care, love!” I shout back from the kitchen window but she’s already turned away, heading for school.
“We should get some sleep,” said Paul. “We still have to work today.”
It was bath time because of too much sandbox fun. I cleaned the tub, from the previous sandy bath and then put them in and I got in the shower. (Our shower is all glass so I can see them the whole time) About half way through my shower Mckenzee is yelling, "Riley's going poo poo!" So I get out dripping wet and get them out and shut the doors to the bathroom so they can't leave. I then proceed to fish for poop with my flour sifter that got demoted to bath toy and get out the toys and clean the tub and in the mean time they are playing in my closet until Mckenzee comes out cracking up and says, "Riley peed in your closet on the floor! It was a water fountain!” Great, buddy.
That is not what you’re going for. Do: use non threatening body language. Smile! Nod, make eye contact. These things are important. Don’t use any goddamn profanity. When I meet a guy, if he’s casually touring around obscenities. I immediately lose interest. Don’t: be sexual. Women know the only reason you approach them initially is because your penis told you to. And that’s okay. Before you meet her. All you know about her is that you think she’s cute. So leave your lewd innuendo and your sexy time voice at the door. I mean if you meet her at the swingers bar then sure a little unchaste humor is apropo. But otherwise I guarantee you, It’s just gonna creep her out. Do: Compliment her.
so I will not be defeated
I’m in New Orleans sitting in a meeting listening to a man speaking to us about the city. For those who don’t know, New Orleans is far from a normal US city so it was very interesting hearing about the city, but it was one of the last things he said that caught my attention. He told us, “You’ve already done the most important thing that you will do here during your entire time in New Orleans.” Keep in mind he just said that to a bunch of people who had just arrived to New Orleans and hadn’t even done anything yet. Instantly I began to think, “What? How can that be?” He went to explain his statement and explained what was really important to New Orleans, showing them that you care. Work on someone’s house is temporary; it’ll be wiped away with the next hurricane or tropical storm, but the love the city feels from people coming to help them lasts. Throughout the whole summer I continued to learn more and more about what he really meant by that through meeting some wonderful people in New Orleans.
The ending was simply a commercial decision, viewers would assume that the whole family had been killed, but the show could be resumed if and when more money was offered.======================Remember the shower scene in Dallas.
You can’t break my spirit – it’s my dreams you take.
Alex’s response was: “I hadn’t thought that it may be like that for reviewers. We certainly seem to have got our fair share of reviews but, if it’s putting people off, it’s something to look at, definitely.”
Hugs, Janie xxx
So it is perfect for this sweet little parlour suite I nabbed moments before it was supposed to go to the WAC. I love these and it fulfills my need to own more chairs that no one sits on. I like this set because it was complete, consisting of the two seater, two ladies chairs and two gents.
For those of us in North America, the manga also has the advantage of having continuous releases without being bottlenecked by long translation periods.
When she finished speaking, the entire room gave her an emotional standing ovation.
However… it appears that temporal lords may not be infallible
My parents didn’t raise genius’s, but we’re certainly well adjusted for our time period. We don’t seem to deal with the same difficulties of others in our generation. It made me wonder, if you throw out all the super-kid mumbo jumbo, how did my parents raise just decent kids? That’s maybe a better parenting question nowadays. And looking back-bear with me– it sounds bad at first-I think it was a little bit of neglect. Nothing dangerous or malicious. Certainly not to the extent that we felt unloved. But my parents both worked, sometimes very long hours. And working so much, they were tired and liked to just hang out with each other when they were home.
it came with everything. all the gadgets and extras.
So I dragged out all of my jewellery making supplies, and made myself a new necklace (and a huge mess).
A Mr Olusola Adebusuyi tweeted me the other day asking me about what my favourite beers were, first the top three, then after I protested that was impossible, the top ten. I didn't respond at the time, because I couldn't properly formulate an answer, and a few days later, I still can't get close to starting a list.
23. Wife
Mitchell said something like, “hey Alan” or something simple and similar like that. That was it. “Hey Alan”! Like we were old friends. Like he didn’t knock the nose off of our snowman and I didn’t just lose myself and punch him. I’m sure I said something like, “hey” back, but who knows with my heart pounding so fast and fear gripping me.
The third and last part, found in BaMidbar (Numbers) 15:37-41, commands the Jews to wear the Tzitzit, the fringes, which is a sign for reminding the Jews about the commandments, as well as commanding the Jews to remember the exodus from Egypt.
I say this only because the guy who showed up at our door to fix the drain was all gigantic and sported some Pirates Of The Caribbean/Hulk Hogan Riding a Harley-inspired facial hair. Oh yeah, not to mention the casual small talk he made while he called in my credit card number, which included a longish story about that time he threw his daughter around by the throat on her birthday. On a less threatening but possibly very gross note, he also had something caked on his shoes and pants up to mid-calf from his last job (please let it be mud, oh please let it be mud). But actually he was very nice and, to his credit, didn't try to hug me like my mom's weirdo plumber tries to do with her. Plus, after digging around in my basement drain bare-fisted and snaking it out (or whatever the term is), he offered me his pen to sign the receipt even though (in his words) his hands were "kinda dirty." Which I thought was pretty polite.
“I think this is widely perceived to be the cry of the older woman, but I think what’s actually true of all women – regardless of age – is that the stories the writers want to tell have women taking the supporting parts,” she says. “So they are the wives, the mothers, the teachers, the social workers of the central protagonist who is often a bloke. And I think the majority of women in this country would say that they are very much at the centre of their own drama. You know, 50 per cent of the viewers are women and I think there’s an appetite for really interesting, three-dimensional female characters, whether they’re 25 or 65.
Deputy Pikett boasts that his dogs have performed scent lineups in some 2,000+ cases over the last 20 years. Vetting them is not an insurmountable task if somebody like the Attorney General decided to staff the project. I'm willing to bet this cop cleared by DNA wasn't the first person Pikett's dogs falsely accused, and it wouldn't surprise me if there are a significant percentage of false or questionable convictions in cases where Pikett testified or his "evidence" was used to pressure a plea bargain.
Belly button:Belly button of your newborn baby will take time in healing, no need to worry about that.
Recently I had the pleasure of testing EcoStore USA's Herbal All Natural Ear Wash. The package says, "YOUR PET WILL LIKE IT", and I thought, "Oh yea, I bet they will...NOT!" It is a major ordeal in our house to clean their ears and I did not believe that this was going to be any different. But it was!
I’ll give thee fairies to attend on thee,
Heading in a westerly direction back from Hammersmith you pass the barges laid up before the Dove Inn, just passed the alley on the right hand side is the William Morris Museum which I still haven’t been in and onwards past the majestic houses that line the river on the way to the Fuller’s Brewery. Our walk ended up in Chiswick House the most fantastic Palladian villa built in 1729 and set in 65 acres, there we rested for tea before heading back via the allotments and over Barnes Bridge.
Or the time I decided I was going to leave my socks on to have sex because he never took long enough to warrant removal of socks. When we got done he literally got dressed and left. I was at his house. In the early evening. His mum and sister were right outside the room in the kitchen. BFF2′s partner says if you leave your socks on when you go to bed you sleep with the devil. This story just proves he is very bloody right.
i am alive
Answer?
I’m back and I’m gonna tell you a little bit about my trip to Amazonas, which I have to say, was amazing. I went there with 21 exchange students from Italy, Germany and Belgium.
I'm tired. A lot of the things we do are things that revive my soul or refresh my spirit. This past weekend was a solitary little island of downtime where Jeff took the opportunity to try and turn me into a gamer (more on that another time). It was a nice weekend of time at home where we truly ignored our responsibilities and just did a lot of vegging out.
We knew we didn't want handles in a finish that didn't match the ORB, but black handles on a black vanity were just too much... so it was time to think outside of the box. Since I wanted to incorporate somewhat of a nautical/oceany feel, I immediately thought of rope. I love those little rope knot pulls that can double as door pulls...
~gdbabygurl – Vicky
The point about measurable effects may be the most important, however. Not fitting in with our current theories needn’t be an absolute barrier. There was a time when we didn’t have a clue what a neutrino was, but they were still out there doing their thing all the while, and eventually we noticed them. And because we kept noticing them, and they always cropped up in the same circumstances and behaved in the same way, we couldn’t ignore them. And if there’s some qi flowing through everyone which has any rules to its existence at all, we should be able to notice it. If it’s there.
These are a little hard to part with too . . . but, I'd love to see them go to a new home . . . and be part of new celebrations each holiday season. Like my other two arm chairs, these used to be upholstered in a somber black leather with tweed backs. Until two years ago . . . when the house practically exploded with colour for the Rue Magazine shoot. I could see these as part of a beautiful entry way, maybe flanking an antique console . . .
In the first part of this essay I argued that vast social changes resulting from deliberate acts by the governments of Europe and all other, one time white, Western nations have succeeded in meeting at least one of the United Nations definitions of what constitutes an act of genocide against an ethnic group.
Without you there’s nothing to fight for…
While I was shopping for my mandoline slicer, I found an enameled, cast-iron, 5 qt. dutch oven marked down 60% to $40. Oh, what luck!! So I had to try it out and I decided to make a Ratatouille. A Ratatouille is a great way to use up summer vegetables; it’s basically a French, vegetable stew that typically uses onions, garlic, bell pepper, zucchini, eggplant, and tomatoes. There are infinite variations depending on what you have on hand.
Even though Comus is peated to a higher level, Orpheus really tastes like a more traditional peat monster (albeit on steroids). I find that Sauternes influence is a gamble and I'm not so sure it works on the Comus. If I had to choose between the two, I'd definitely pick the Orpheus, but I'm not sure I'd pay for either given the other, cheaper peated whiskies that are available.
When problems
Which pale green has a place in your heart?
On the subject of buying, Denton says, “You’ll usually end up ahead with a truck.” Actually, I shared that link on Sunday, but today I did not realize the pattern until after twelve items. I also just noticed the option to download images from Facebook. My Little Pony has a parody of a song by Katy Perry and now has a parody of Bridesmaids on billboards around Los Angeles.
★ Add text notes
Finish your college education now.
So many people get it. And that is very encouraging.
Saturday morning was the Eggstravaganza at our church. It started at 10am. I finished sewing the girls bunny shirts at 10:01. (And never sewed the eye buttons on them. Oh well.)
13. And her tits are also poisonous.
"documents for publication that are prohibited by governments worldwide, in particular material on freedom of expression, privacy, cryptology, dual-use technologies, national security, intelligence, and secret governance—open, secret and classified documents—but not limited to those". It's not just military stuff that gets the hush-hush treatment. Here's an entry dated 19 April 2012 relating to "Secrecy for Economically Significant Patents". The document emanates from the United States Patent and Trademark Office and is titled "Notice of Request for Comments on the Feasibility of Placing Economically Significant Patents Under a Secrecy Order and the Need to Review Criteria Used in Determining Secrecy Orders Related to National Security". It's just twelve sides long and you can read it in full here. The IPKat is particularly fascinated by the bit that goes like this:
So, we’re supposed to accept Jesus. Anyone who fails to meet this simple criterion will be destined instead for an eternity of… well, something less desirable, be it Hell, or the somewhat more vanilla terminus of Purgatory, or something else which, however you look at it, doesn’t equate to an infinite reward. Well, that sounds simple enough, doesn’t it? Hardly seems like God’s asking for a whole lot, just that you “accept him into your heart” and pray for his blessing. And think of all the things he’s done for you lately, what with creating the Universe and bringing you into existence and everything. You can’t do him this one little favour? You wretched ingrate.
Me: Do you ever get harassed by cops?
Apthorpe’s prize possession is a 19th century “Thunder box” (a portable field latrine). Apthorpe is so terrified of what he might catch from the men, and therefore can only use it. But all decent men must use the same facilities in the new order and is afrait it will be taken away and enlists Guy to help him hide his unique toilet. But a mad bloodthirsty officer Richie Hook finds the thunder box and starts using it producing a great comic conflict. We were told we must read the book to know the rest.
Having thus soothed Dharma and the Earth, the great chariot-warrior drew his sharp sword against Kali, the agent of immorality.
The long restoration campaign at the cathedral is nearing completion and the scaffolding has finally been removed from the façade. I had been waiting for months to photograph some of the animal sculptures, and a couple of mornings ago, as I trained my camera on the ox at the upper left of the window, I was reminded that quite a few of the façade's decorative corbels are animal heads, among them, a pig, without question my favorite.
Whew. Breathe in, breathe out.
Here's hoping for a down payment on a cool billion...
There’s a few oddities here and there too – like this monogrammed pillow:
Observers believed these leaders were acting in such a manner so as not to expose any skeletons in their cupboard, if any.
Springfield, MA ♦ This is campers’ chance to be part of the Drama Studio’s longest-running production intensive. Campers/actors will stage a full-length melodrama with dastardly villains, faithful heroes and heroines, and perhaps a damsel in distress! Past productions have included daring train-track rescues, fierce battles, charming orphans, & saving the day in the nick of time! Audiences will cheer the heroes & boo the villains as actors present this year’s melodrama, with full costumes, scenery, make-up & even some song & dance. Camper/actors will strengthen their acting, improvisation & character-building skills & gain production experience. This camp also includes opportunities for actors to write & stage their own original scenes, monologues & dances.
Then came a few years where it was, “He’s yours”, “I’m not ready to be a father” scenario played out, of course it didn’t help that “K” was away at university in a city 6 hours away from us. So time goes on, “O” struggles through university (living with us so we could help with the baby) then changes educational plans and successfully graduates and is now in the working world.
The market clobbered Enron’s stock and put it out of business long before the government even figured out what was going on.
Johannesburg - Zimbabwean-style land grabs will not happen in South Africa, President Jacob Zuma said on Monday.
Top 5 Situations When Emergency Locksmith Help is Necessary
Now Michael has to be at work at 6am tomorrow to open the store at 7am, and sell UK Champs tshirts, and then go to the midnight showing of Titanic with me. :)
Why do I love back lit scenes so? They intrigue me for some reason but are a bear to paint. I kept going over the dogs, trying to get some detail even though I couldn't see much from my original photo.
So what to do with all this new found time on my hands? Well I decided that 2012 will be a year full of growth for Abracadebra Designs. There is so much more I want to do with my beading, my Zibbet shop, and this blog, too. What little free time I have had has been spent on Pinterest (which I have become addicted to) and I am amazed at all the craftiness and creativity out there. I am truly in awe of the beautiful creations posted there daily. So for 2012 my resolution is simply to stop looking and start Learning and Growing and DOING. It is absolutely amazing how much can be accomplished in a short time, and if you don't believe me, just ask my niece, Isabelle.
With all these different colors, God makes a painting; with all these notes and noises, God forms a chorus. All the churches of the world, in particular their members, those who follow Jesus and give themselves to him, are all part of the same effort and the same result: making the truth and glory of God known, no matter what else may be happening around them. What one member and one church can’t do, another can. What one member and one church does well, another struggles. But together they make the Church, the Body of Christ, and together we show the world who Jesus is, what a wonderful work he’s done, what he’s about, and what it is to know his grace and truth, his power and beauty.
But the game wasn't worth a dump,
that Father Tracy smoked cigars
Accessories: Sizix Ornate Frame 3, black and white Venice lace from my stash, Cheery Lynn Designs Fanciful Flourish, bling mesh (which I cut in a strip and glued around the opening of the frame), butterfly with rhinestones (Save on Crafts), Lindy's Stamp Gang Glitz Spritz Scintillating Silver, fuchsia paper roses
My questions are:
(c) often talks excessively about blogging to friends/family who know what a blog is, but who could absolutely not care less
I tend to get in these moods. I feel like nothing I do is good enough.
And because of all these amazing dramas, I decided to recap 2 more dramas. Rooftop Prince and Queen In hyun’s Man.
We did not see them at the Wednesday and Thursday meetings of the Nairobi funeral committee.
...and another flower. I like it but don't ask me what kind of a flower it should be. The paintings are made with artistic water colours on white cardboard and mounted on black cardboard. They will be added to a white cards.
valleys are decisions of quiting or moving
Last week saw the comi-tragic instance of 25 firefighters too entangled in red tape to wade into shallow water and rescue a seabird trapped in a plastic bag. They were, understandably, labelled “ridiculous”.
I concluded that Jennifer E Smith's research had mostly been conducted by watching Richard Curtis films, and to be fair, none of the above would put off most readers of this soft-centred romance. But they put me off, and meant that I didn't take the love story or the main character's angst over her father's remarriage all that seriously.
* other versions. you can make kimbap with almost anything but the ingredients that are usually always included are carrots, pickled daikon, pickled burdock root, and spinach
I do not accuse you because of your sacrifices; *
I added some distressed finishes to a few, to give them that rugged, Old West look; and dressed up some with Czech glass and Chinese crystal, some of my recent finds at LimaBeads. The Czech glass really lends itself well to these variegated color palettes because they have so many colors swirling around in their little bodies, too.
WIN – Taupe. Yawn all you like. I’ve been working silly hours of late and leaving the house for work at the sort of time I used to stagger in from a night out at uni. Elaborate eye looks have gone out of the window and I’m settling for a one shadow sweep across the lids before running out of the door. No other shade works as well for this as a gorgeous Taupe.
But the story is not just about that. It isn’t just that painful distance, the touch of a hand that could mean the world in a simple second; how love hurts and you learn how to deal with it. That the moment it ends, you feel like your heart could burst.
God's morality or anyone else's has no place in education about it.
I could work on the kitchen.
Marker - Memento Dual tip in Potter's Clay
Bake for 23 minutes, or until a toothpick inserted in center comes out clean (except for the guava paste).
The holidays got a hold of me again, really it's not all that unexpected, just annoying that I let it happen every year. I am a sucker for the sweets. This week has been my so called carb detox. I limit it as much as possible and cut out all junk. It sucks. I am working on losing 7 lbs for my intial goal weight that I am doing with a group of friends. 7lbs is the first goal. I am wanting to achieve this by January 31. I started with them at 145 so that was my starting weight.
So my ideas for blogging are all clumped together inside all the other thoughts that are roaming around my head. Hopefully, this is the beginning of me sorting them out.
And the ultimate test? The criminal record check that came at the end of the interview. I guess it's a positive that I was given that test, and because I have yet to be arrested, I think this is one test I will pass with flying colours.
They're all good speculations and you can be proud for being clever enough to think of them but the fact remains that you would be wrong.
I thought carefully about his question, and then I replied, “It’s not one thing, it’s two: gratitude and letting go.” Gratitude for everything, not just the things we consider good or a blessing. And letting go of everything we can’t change.
Cheryl writes wonderful little pieces to introduce each poem.
1/2 cup flaked unsweetened coconut
When I Was Joe came directly from an plot-planning exercise in class. We each had to think of a character for a contemporary teenage novel. I’d been thinking vaguely about witness protection – how interesting it would be to write about someone who had to lie about every aspect of their identity because they were telling the truth. We got into pairs and had to weave our characters together into a story. I happened to be paired with Amanda. Her character was a disabled athlete. We put the two characters together and made a story outline. I liked the story. Even more, I liked the fact that there was a story. I began to see how a novel could be planned. I asked Amanda if she’d mind me hijacking her character and working on the plot and having a go at writing it. She generously agreed.
Pentagon Spokesman George Little put out a statement earlier saying “no explosives were found.”
Bottom line is this planet has been blown up, burnt up, alien-invaded, flooded, frozen, vaporized and overrun with apes more than once. Film-makers loooove destroying Earth. Repeatedly. And humanity, sheep that we are, love seeing our home planet get wrecked in many unique, different ways.
Results There were 18 boats at the Leigh and Lowton Phantom Open on 15 April 2012 - which was a great turnout. Phantom racing in the North is growing. The winds were from the north (and east and west!) and about force 2 (and force 1 and force 3!). I think you get the picture! Cool temperatures and sunshine.
I have had my eye on Raider for the past seven years and I the company first caught my attention around 2007, but recently (2010-2012), this company has concerned me. Like a lot of POD publishers who stay the course after their foundation year, Raider Publishing steadily did improve their service each year (2005-2008) and they showed sustained growth up to 2009. It has been a learning curve for them, and in the early times, it did show—that is why I held off reviewing them fully until 2008.
Well it’s that thing we were talking about earlier with Sparks, it wasn't glam as in double tracked tom-toms, it was more art glam, and in that sense, yeah it was a glam band, but then when you have people dressed up as Little Lord Fauntleroy and dinosaurs, wearing white flowing capes, it’s hard to be anything other than glam, I suppose.
But there's more. The gamut of tests and tubes have found that I also have bronchiectasis - a lung disease that makes you more prone to chest infections. Exhaustion is one of the main symptoms.
I also love the way Ky added just the eyes and grin - we don't need to see the rest to know that the Cheshire Cat is hanging around! The sparkle of white in the eyes seems to indicate a twinkle, which echoes the merriment in that big, engaging grin!
If not souls and places
Thinking it was a fluke, I went to the ultrasound for my second pregnancy awaiting the announcement of a boy.
Hard to believe that something this trite, pat and half-hearted came from two writers who individually wrote scripts for such flicks as The Men, In The Heat Of The Night, Cyrano de Bergerac, Charly, A Hatful Of Rain, The Liberation Of L.B. Jones and High Noon.... Then again, these men also wrote scripts on their own for Bowery Blitzkrieg, Over The Top, Spooks Run Wild and The Killer Elite, so maybe a movie like this is just another example of typing the wrong words at the wrong time.
Share what you’ve written with your writing partners or share as a comment. Compliment one another on the things you like and the strength of the writing. Consider: how convincing are the arguments for or against the Sir Arthur’s quote.
I would not be able have sex and separate without suffering permanent emotional damage. In other areas of my life I make lifelong commitments, e.g. – to my pet bird (he’s 20, average lifespan is 15-18), my roadster (mint condition after 10 years), to my friends, (some friendships lasting over a decade), etc. I subscribe to the velcro theory of sexuality – the more you attach and separate, the less well you can attach. I simply do not believe that men who do intimate physical things with women can be as vulnerable and susceptible as when they remain chaste. Casual sex kills the man’s ability to love. If you want to be a knight, you have to be capable of chivalry and romance. If a man has casual sex with enough women, he will likely develop a low opinion of of the trustworthiness, wife-capability and mother-capability of women. He becomes cynical and predatorial.
Most reports indicate that everyone, including the three remaining policemen, fled the scene, followed by the couple who jumped into Mr Du Plessis’s bakkie and pursued the fleeing cops, shooting at them while the chase was on.
“My One And Only Love” with Coltrane
Battle for control of Glasgow City Council ends tomorrow at 10 pm when the ballot boxes close.
This is what Marissa chooses to Believe. It is what I choose to believe.
Magic Johnson, one of the most famous NBA players of all time, knows what it takes to be part of a successful team. During his time with the Los Angeles Lakers he achieved three MVP awards and appeared in nine NBA Finals and twelve All-Star games. He led the league in regular-season assists four times and is the all-time leader in average assists per game at 11.2. This shows that he not only cared about the success of his own career but knew how to share the ball and be a true team player.
The steadfast Scots are deploying in front of the beach. They got news of the viking invasion and came from every coast settlement nearby. They form their schiltrons and prepare to throw the norsemen back to the sea.
Details on all original source products can be found at, www.originalsource.co.uk as well as details on how to vote for their next seasonal edition (come on pecan and butterscotch!)
6) Blue is the world's favorite color.
The Lady Sailors 7th and 8th Grade track team lost to Rocky River by a score of 45 to 69. 8th graders that contributed points for the Sailors included Rossi, Fetter, Ramos, Bartlome, Mello, Hollars and Schaefer. Annie Rossi, Sarah Bartlome, and Lauren Hollars placed in all of the individual events that they competed in. The 4 by 100 team of Fetter, Urig, Pongallo and Ramos had one of their best performances of the seasons. The Sailors end their regular season with a home meet agains Midview next Tuesday.
Citizenship:
the remedy to anxiety is prayer. in prayer we find peace which guards us from a downward spiral into doubt and fear and anxiety. as we continue to pray and worship God we meet Him and are changed and have renewed peace and perspective.
So, I guess that is about it. I am finally happy. I am in love, and for the first time in my life...I know that I have a real future on this path I have chosen. Things have definitely fallen in place for me, in so many ways I never dreamed of...and all those ways are so meant to be. It all makes sense now. All the things that never made sense to me, all the things that I was unable to understand, finally make sense. I finally see what the plan was all along...and I realize that everything, each and every little thing happened for a reason. And that reason put me on the yellow brick road, so to speak (in fairytale terms.)
Even if an individual’s right to travel is guaranteed by the constitution, former President Arroyo still needs the Justice Secretary’s approval to seek medical attention overseas because of DOJ Circular 41, signed by then-DOJ Sec. Alberto Agra last May 25, 2010 – or merely five weeks before Benigno Aquino III took his oath as the country’s 15th president. The said circular seeks to consolidate the rules and regulations governing the issuances and implementing of hold departure orders, watchlist orders, and allow departure orders.
5. Improve productivity: - As LG moved forward with re-inventing IBM, he took the following measures to improve productivity:
I am learning to love Computer Science. Slowly.
Golden City Brewery Golden City Red Ale
SkyWest is the holding company for two scheduled passenger airline operations and an aircraft leasing company and is headquartered in St. George, Utah. SkyWest’s scheduled passenger airline operations consist of SkyWest Airlines also based in St. George, Utah and ExpressJet Airlines based in Atlanta, Georgia. SkyWest Airlines operates as United Express and Delta Connection carriers under contractual agreements with United Airlines, Inc. and Delta Air Lines, Inc. SkyWest Airlines also operates as US Airways Express under a contractual agreement with US Airways, Inc., and operates flights for Alaska Airlines under a contractual agreement. ExpressJet Airlines operates as United Express and Delta Connection carriers under contractual agreements with United and Delta. System-wide, SkyWest serves markets in the United States, Canada, Mexico and the Caribbean with approximately 3,900 daily departures and a fleet of approximately 727 regional aircraft.
That was the verse that came screaming out at me. It’s not that there isn’t an answer to my question, or that the answer is in some way disappointing. Nor is it that God is being dishonest or doesn’t know the outcome. Quite the contrary – the answer to my questions of “Why?” and “What are the outcomes?” do exist and will be revealed at the designated time. God is never early and never late. This verse was such a clear message to me to stop struggling with the answer to “Why” and instead trust Him and His perfect timing and perfect will. Instead of looking at God and shrugging my shoulders as if to say “What was that all about?” I should thank Him for allowing me to be part of something bigger than myself and trust that in His plan, something good did and will continue to come out of Levi’s battle. Whether I ever see it or fully understand it is of no significance.
Baraka is the Arabic word for blessing (of course, it’s so much more, but you know…semantics). I feel blessed to speak darija (Moroccan dialect of Arabic) because that means that I can participate in the daily Moroccan baraka exchange.
Below are shots from my book signing events and a jewelry contest hosted by Margot Potter and I at the F+W Media booth.
If you are a believer in The Secret or the philosophy that “like attracts like,” then you know what I’m talking about. If not, in the most basic of terms—what you think, say, and feel goes into the Universe and that is what you receive. If you put negativity out there, that’s what you will get. If you ask the Universe for money, peace, completing that half marathon, the Belly Dancer USA title, whatever, it has its way of making it into your life. It might not arrive exactly the way you expected, but I have found that it really does happen.
When Obama was asked a similar question (by Entertainment Weekly, not Ari) back on the 2008 campaign trail, he named Batman and Spider-Man because “they have some inner turmoil. They get knocked around a little bit.” That’s Silver Age talk. Barack was born in 1961, the year the Fantastic Four launched themselves to the moon and Marvel Comics into pop culture. His opponent John McCain said Batman too, but because he pursues justice “against insurmountable odds,” a good ole Golden Age rationale. McCain was born in 1936, the same year as Detective Comics.
7) YOU WASTE ALL YOUR MONEY!!!!!
March. 98 parties in 9 days, high profile clients, low profile me, keeping my nose to the grindstone and my poor crippled feet under the faucet in the tub. Hotel living is for the birds, especially when you have to do it in the city you live in but it’s a necessary evil. Life gets in the way of work during this time. My deepest regards to all the family and friends that helped me, the Hubs, and W get through it all.
No.No.
I discovered the following on the Urban Dictionary:
Anyway, the government regulated business, and business passed on the extra cost incurred to the customer. This is pretty much how any business would operate. If you made me sell t-shirts at a loss, I’d make my customers pay a t-shirt club fee to get into my store. I’d have to make up that money somehow. While the dollar values might not be accurate (perhaps credit card transaction fees are too much, so the comparison may not be as good as I think it is), the point that they are charging people who use a service for using that service — rather than making up that money elsewhere — is quite fair to me.
"I was sitting there with the blood pumping out," said the anguished computer businessman.
7. In The City
So I finally handed in my course work. Finished, done, on to the next one. But then suddenly (creepy danger ahead music) my professor called me to his desk.
Dear Soulmate,
5:00 - Susie Davidson
Madonna Into the groove US
It was in Austin, a city that suited him well, where he figured out how to do both. He came here to teach after grad school, and to find a partner, to make a life. The life he made was transformative-- for him, and for those of us who had the privilege of being his close friend. The transformation came in the form of Anna Carroll whom he met in 1982 at the party of a mutual friend. John’s gentleness and sweetness found a home in his partnership with “the amazing Anna” --as he liked to call her. The early cynicism gave way to the unusual openness and acceptance that characterized John in recent years. To the inspirational way he remained focused on the present, uncomplaining and positive, when he had more than his share to complain about. To the beautiful welcoming smile always on his lips-- even when he suspected he was dying.
garlic powder (optional)
It was Joseph’s fault, but anger still rose hot in his throat against her for the burning. He walked straight up to her—yes, she was there in the room! her back turned toward him, her face to the oak wall. He grabbed her shoulder, and turned her toward him—but try as he might, he could not see her face.
Eight years ago at about 7pm Michael and I were speeding toward Piedmont Hospital and I was cautiously thinking "Well, this labor is not too bad." A complete change of opinion and three hours later, my littlest girl made her debut. All nine pounds of her. I can't believe she's already eight!
With his former Oakland High catcher, Bill Raimondi, behind the plate, Lee Gum Hong took the mound in the first inning. His supporters in the crown not only voiced their approval vocally but with a liberal supply of firecrackers, the traditional Chinese method of celebration. Hong quickly gave up an unearned run through a fielding error and a hit but got out of the inning without any further damage. Nushida was hit hard from the start and by the second inning the Oaks scored 3 runs. The little pitcher showed signs of tiring and after having the satisfaction of striking out Hong was sent to the showers after 4 1/3 innings. All told Nushida gave up 3 hits, 3 runs, 3 walks and struck out 2.
Occasionally, and gratifyingly, I receive comments on posts written a while ago - such was the case a few days ago when I found this personal reminiscence of Henry McIlhenny on a post from November 2010. Coincidentally, more or less, in one of those rare moments when focus didn't cause peripheral blindness, I had found pictures of Mr McIlhenny's Glenveagh Castle in County Donegal when I was in the library looking for something else.
On this 4 x 6 photo of Josey playing basketball, I added a smaller square photo. I like that this shows her playing both defense and offense.
But, our style and the colors that fill up our home have changed so much in the past four years.
Preparing for WTM2011 (the World Travel Market - held every November at ExCel,4 days of manic activity promoting Ras Mbisi and Mafia)
But I actually really like how they're turning out. Soon I'll have befores and afters of the never-seen-before twins room to show you. Black twin beds and all.
In many ways, it seems like the worst of both worlds. And there isn’t anything I can do about it, really. Just stay a friend. Keep the channels of communication open. Try and be nice to the men in the community for once, and influence them for good.
9. Blue Balloon
“Hear, O Israel: The LORD our God is one LORD: And thou shalt love the LORD thy Godwith all thine heart, and with all thy soul, and with all thy might.”
I opened the window a crack, fetched a box of kleenex, sprayed the trash can with lysol and located his book before returning to the Kitchen to finish making his breakfast. When it was ready I proceeded right past him and into his Study.
Under the existing Smoking ban ordinance in Ohio, the Rights of Non-smokers most certainly do infringe on the formerly sacred right of Private Property Ownership, along with the use, control and financial responsibilities attendant to that ownership. Smoking bans are a hazard to the well being of businesses and property owners. This is especially true with regard to the entertainment and hospitality industries. Unlike other health ordinances that are designed to assure safety in food and drink preparation in areas that the public does not have access to and where they cannot otherwise be assured of safety without such regulations and regular inspection by the governing health authority, a dining room or bar that clearly has patrons enjoying a cigarette at their table is easily discernable, and every non-smoker of sufficient mental capacity should be able to make the decision immediately whether or not they wished to enter or remain in such an environment. Sadly however, rather than make a wise decision for themselves and visit an establishment that specifically caters to their individual preference for a “Smoke Free” environment, the typical approach mandated by Tobacco Control entities to their chronically smoke sensitive followers seems to be in filing a complaint with anyone who will listen.
The building that formerly housed one of Melbourne’s most famous newspapers, The Argus, is on the market again and expected to fetch up to $12 million for owners Ryssal-Three.
I received this book from Revell Publishers. I was not required or expected to write a positive review. The opinions in this review are my own.
I continued on with my practice but my head had started to hurt a lot. I tried my best to hold on until practice was finished. But when I tried to focus on my part, my sight got blurry and my head started to hurt even more. The pain is unbearable. I held my head but my sight went black. All I can hear around me is everyone screaming and panicing. What’s wrong with me…
When I saw that Gloria Revelle (Deborah Shelton), we discover her name after we see the contents of her purse, had dropped the panties, the same panties we watched her try on and purchase with the intensity of a thousand suns, in the trash, I thought to myself: What a waste of a perfectly good pair of panties. However, when Jake rescues the barely worn panties, in clear view of Gloria (who is busy tipping the mall's valet), from the crumpled grip of their soon to be trashy tomb, I cried misguided tears of joy. In all my years of looking at stuff, never have I seen a decision this logical, this sane implemented in a movie before. I doubt Will Smith would ever star in a movie where he ends up pocketing a pair of panties that weren't his. Of course, the hallowed panties end up shining an unsavoury light on him later in the movie. And even though a square detective (Guy Boyd), one straight out of a 1940's film noir, has the nerve to call him a "pantie sniffer" during questioning, I'm sure everyone will agree that his impromptu pantie adoption was the correct course of action.
brown meat, drain and mix with sauce
I wanted to read this book because I enjoy a good glass of win every once in a while. Also, I have been fascinated by wine making and wanting to be a wine conissiour and host a wine party. Wow, I got more than I bargained for with this book. I now know more about wine making, grapes, and Jewish lifestyle than I ever thought I would.
"It is alleged that commuters that were onboard the train that were caught without valid train tickets set the train alight."
6. Do interval training. When you are working out, add a minute or so of high intensity, all effort pushes and then recover. This will help you burn more calories and increase your anaerobic threshold.
In addition to seismic exploration, MMOs can also be required during oil rig decommissioning where oil platform pilings are removed by the use of explosives, marine construction projects, and military testing of new sonar systems.
Tomorrow is Wednesday and a new working day. It would be very easy to get used to spending my days at a lesisurely pace with no pressure to get up at 05.30 in the morning and rushing to the tube and the office. These passed few days have indeed been heavenly.
1. It has precisely four ingredients, including the salmon.
Saturday mornings just aren’t the same are they?
First, I want to share HOW it is that I came to love to write. It was my Fifth grade teacher, Mrs. Gwen Hart from Brookstone School in Columbus, Georgia. Mrs. Hart took me under her wings to teach me that writing is the powerful key to communication. If it is success you want in life, writing is one of the many paths to take.
The sweet ladies of Baby Lifestyles approached me about designing a custom nursery for multiples. I've never done a nursery design for twins and I have to say, it was quite fun! In addition to needing to think through all the items you need two of, I enjoyed the added challenge of trying to do it on a budget (you know that's how I roll!) Double cribs and of course double the comfortable seating were in order.
DISCOVER HOW TO MANAGE STRESS!
I had the sudden urge to write a post and then I realized that I have not been taking pictures of anything!! I am home at my parents because of a dentist appointment (boo) and I didn't even bring my camera. Oh, how things have changed.
“It’s all a matter of information-format conditioning,” Ernst began, easing back into the lounge chair. I hate it when he waxes professorial. “Take the early Greeks…” he began.”No thanks,” I retorted. “…they were very upset when the written word was discovered. What was going to happen to all those epic story-poems told by heart? And when books first came out, the Romans must have missed unwinding with a good scroll.”
Question: You say, “Meet all experiences as they come.” What about such terrible misfortunes as being condemned to lifelong imprisonment, or being burnt alive for holding certain political or religious opinions – misfortunes that have actually been the lot of human beings? Would you ask such people to submit themselves to their misfortunes and not try to overcome them?
The term "Craft Beer", its different connotations, the arguments / brawls about its meaning or lack of it have not even remotely entered the radar space of even your most enthusiastic German beer drinkers. If you explain the term to them, the conversation will go "Ah soooo.... well you see here in Germany all beer is brewed like this, because we have our purity law which states that BLAH BLAH BLAH YES SHUT UP PLEASE".
Last night my hotel, amazingly, had hot water.
I was also given several tips on how to tighten the prose as a whole, and how to better draw the readers into the story and keep them immersed, rather than unintentionally pulling them out of it. Which is not an easy task to accomplish, especially in the beginning. Yet it’s vital in order to write a compelling story.
It's really true. He is risen! We have a living hope (1Peter 3:1).
During the field trip we took several pictures. I kids loved it! And of course I did too!!
LISTEN; I KNOW THESE ARE SERIOUS DISEASES. There are people affected with them that probably belong in institutions, because at the present time we just don't have a clue of how to deal with serious mental diseases. Thorazine was supposed to clear out the mental wards as evidenced by this advertisement from a psychiatry magazine in the 1950's. In hindsight, we all know how that worked...
This isn't the finished picture because I apparently haven't taken one yet! Little Maria absolutely loves to clean the floor for me tho... either with the swiffer seen above or with her knees..
Most drinking establishments in the area are either unintimidating dive bars or sterile sports bars. There isn’t much to distinguish between one place and the next.
When the case was brought before the U.S. Supreme Court, they ruled in his favor, giving the Army General title over the United States, Inc. Legal action was then passed on to the Senate Finance Committee and Senator Sam Nunn, who was working with Roy Schwasinger. With the help of covert congressional and political pressure, President George H.W. Bush issued an Executive Order (a) on Oct. 23, 1991, which provided a provision allowing anyone who has a claim against the federal government to receive payment as long as it’s within the rules of the original format of the case.
‘President McCain’s secret trip to Afghanistan, shrouded in secrecy for security reasons, culminated in a midnight meeting with Afghan President Hamid Karzai and the signing of a ‘strategic partnership agreement’, the full details of which have not been made available to either the American or Afghan public.’
You will hardly find more wisdom in the wood than that.
Step 3
But when it comes to someone that’s conniving, has a shitty holier-than-thou attitude, or is just plain snarky and mean, you’ll tend to focus on every one of their negative traits – including their looks. Their wonky asymmetrical eyes suddenly becomes really apparent, and that way they just naturally leave their mouth slightly open by default as if they were Scooby Doo becomes the most irritating thing in the world.
was said to have converted the
If it seems unnatural, I guess that’s just the way it is. Perhaps if I don’t mention it, no one else will notice.
“Governance” is the process by which public ends and means are identified, agreed upon, and pursued. This is different than “government,” which relates to the specific jurisdiction in which authority is exercised. “Governance” is a broader term and encompasses both formal and informal systems of relationships and networks for decision making and problem solving.
That’s my beauty; should I rechristen in “the Jennifer”? This perennial favorite is out of stock at the moment but will be in again this fall. Come to think of it, I think I told people “Jennifer Garner bought that basket” and it sold like hotcakes. I have sold to many other and equally well-known celebrities in LA; I will keep my eyes open for more pics.
- They are to put their answers in bullet statement form. Writing sentences only allows them to avoid answering some parts of the questions, plus this forces them to factually address all parts of the question.
After taking a few pictures (he knows I’m a blogger) we did some serious tasting and enjoying. But this post is specifically about the Appenzellar. I’ll be posting about the Cambozola and Mont Vully later.
but miniature dragons
The Wiggle Chair is made by gluing multiple layers of corrugated cardboard
What does she say to the children? According to the logic offered by my commenter, she presumably ought to insist to them that Santa Claus will show up on Christmas Eve with a big sack full of presents for all. It’s certainly true that this will fill the children with love, joy, hope, and a sense of inner well-being, for the moment. It might even seem like a good idea, as long as you don’t think about what’s going to happen on Christmas morning, when eyes that had been sparkling with delight the night before look up tearfully from the bare floor to their mother’s face.
Or follow her on Facebook at Pixie Vacations by Julie
Back to my knees. I realized my running form wasn’t ideal for my knees, and I changed it. I no longer land on my heels, I land on my forefoot. And it works great for me. It also helps me breathe better, a big plus for me.
The first year I borrowed my daughters pickup and
Although it marks the first time Russian troops will train on U.S. soil, soldiers from a plethora of different nations have been involved in similar drills for well over a decade.
Or, more accurately, the ESDC mentioned the issue and defended its position without actually responding to the criticism.
Higher? Maybe.
It’s hard to put a number on the trend, but Morrison and others say they’ve personally seen more women take an interest in beer.
dates are June 18 – 30. The repertoire is: Tchaikovsky, Symphony No. 4,
And this is the redemption that Derek and I keep speaking of....the beautiful living breathing example of redemption right before our human eyes. This is our precious son! Can you even believe his little face? This photo is from Dec. 2011...just 3 months home with nutrition, love, touch, stimulation, WATER, sunshine, opportunities to explore, and did I mention love?!?:):) I will mention again that he hasn't even had a second of therapy yet (starts this month:).
“Why? You promised me.”He look at me with such a sorrowful eyes and it makes my heart hurt.
I had another great year with my adorable little girl Tayah. She just keeps growing up and amazing me with things that she says and does like talking in complete sentences and going #2 on the potty (sorry but that's a big deal in her world!). Here are a few of the things that turned out to be her favorite things of this year. It would be fun to have our friends over and hand out samples (Oprah-like) but checking out pictures is the next best thing!
Karma
Brandon Holstein: Last question here LJ. Where will you be for draft day and who will be watching with you?
Now it isn't everyday that I fill my food processor with kibble, but a mom's gotta do what a mom's gotta do. I diligently added just the right amount of water, creating a dough-like consistency, formed a few dozen biscuits, and sent them off into a 350 degree oven.
Subsequently, one of OCP's executives, Morton (Miguel Ferrer), takes advantage of the situation and uses Murphy's corpse as a component for a new crimefighting tool called... oh, you know what its name is, so let's move on. A by-product of this latest creation is that RoboCop/Murphy retains memories of his human existence and having been murdered by a gang of thugs headed up by vile thug Boddicker (Kurtwood Smith). Hunting down his murderers now becomes part of his directives as he tracks down every person responsible, leading him to a cover-up deep inside OCP that may involve an executive (Ronny Cox) who knows more than he's been letting on.
“Verily I say unto you, Except ye be converted, and become as little children, ye shall not enter into the kingdom of heaven. Whosoever therefore shall humble himself as this little child, the same is greatest in the kingdom of heaven. And whoso shall receive one such little child in My name receiveth Me. But whoso shall offend one of these little ones which believe in Me, it were better for him that a millstone were hanged about his neck, and that he were drowned in the depth of the sea.” Matthew 18:3-6 (KJV)
I guess it might help us if Chelsea, our opponents on 5th May, progress in the Champions League and still remain in the fight for a top four place? If they have interests on three fronts then perhaps something will give? Allowing for the prioritisation process perhaps it will be the cup? Even allowing for this we should hold no fears about playing them with two league consecutive league wins at their place as well as a Carling Cup triumph.
What a great way to spend a Saturday! Woke up early, just a little after my normal "get up for work" time, had some cereal, kicked back for a few, then got ready and did some errands. Fun errands. Like, scoring $130 worth of Old Navy clothes for $79, and getting a new purse, and some baby clothes at Target, and just doing fun running around for a few hours. Amazingly, the 4ish hours I was out wiped me out, and I've spent a good chunk of time this afternoon sitting playing in Photoshop. Oh yes, sitting in the glider, which is in a prominent spot in the living room right now. :)
According to ZDNet UK on May 17, 2005, the European Parliament's JURI committee will seek the help of legal experts on amendments to the wording of the software patentability directive in a public meeting on Monday, 23 May, from 1515 to 1700 at the European Parliament building on Rue Wiertz in Brussels. The speakers include Uma Suthersanen, a senior lecturer in Intellectual Property Law at Queen Mary Intellectual Property Research Institute; Reto Hilty, a director at the Max Planck Institute for Intellectual Property, Competition and Tax Law; FranÃ§ois Pellegrini, an associate professor in computer science at ENSEIRB; and Alberto Bercovitz, from the Spanish law firm Estudio JurÃ­dico.
Of course, since Husband and BIL are Purdue Alums we had to get one of these:
This weekend will be perfect for throwing open the windows during the day, bringing in the crisp, fall air. J'adore the fresh air, the outside noises, and the breezes that travel through the house on a cool autumn day when all the windows are open.
Monday was 'We're all mad here' - not a stretch for some of us and then Tuesday was a relatively sober themed and enthralling evening encompassing 'Castles, Collieries and Coastlines' mixed with some flâneur.
humanity would crumble
My tone was a little too celebratory to be excused.
Either way MR Bowden was a truly awesome speaker and had a magnificent mind.
“Oh, Cheras! Is that near Phoenix Plaza? Do you hang out there often?”
But as she turned around she had a crafty look in her eye.
As always, you really cannot expect that 4 months of your life will all be on a high note, and that being said, it’s been a roller coaster of highs and lows, most of the lows being illness – head cold related, or over-training injuries, and the highs being great workouts, healthy nutrition, and an overall feeling of accomplishment and success.
It's definitely Spring!
These were originally released at the AWP conference and are available for a short time below for $12 each. Prices include shipping. All four are available for $32, shipping included. They are 12" x 18" and will fit into a standard frame.
The performances by Dunst and Gainsborough complement each other so beautifully that it's difficult to consider one without the other. Claire is the sensible one, the caretaker firmly grounded in reality. But, while Justine is flaky and the less dependable of the two, she's not necessarily "weaker;" her strengths just aren't terribly compatible with life as we know it. She's perfectly suited to deal with a reality in which Earth is on the verge of destruction, whereas Claire can't bring herself to accept it. Towards the end of the film, in what is perhaps its best scene, the sisters have a frank conversation about what will happen, in which Justince demonstrates that she's made peace with their fate and calmly lays out the things she knows to be true (such as that Earth will not be missed and that life on Earth is evil), while Claire demonstrates her inability to wrap her head around the planet's imminent destruction, asking simply where her son, Leo, will grow up. Claire's unwillingness to accept the truth (going so far as to attempt to run away from the estate, as if that might solve the problem) forces Justine to take charge and the transition occurs so smoothly that it's barely noticeable.
Is that border magical?
Angel is a beautiful light rose-pink blush that give your cheeks a fresh and natural look. Its very soft and velvety and it blends beautifully on the skin. Its definitely a gorgeous and perfect blush for everyday use.
“Sometimes the best way to figure out who you are is to get to that place where you don’t have to be anything else.” Source Unknown
I diced up the strawberries into big chunks, and because they were not completely fresh, they were a little on the dry side. So when I put them into the sauce pan with the sugar, I poured a little dry vermouth in also, just to moisten the sugar and berries. (I always have a bottle of Martini & Rossi extra dry vermouth for cooking instead of wine because the vermouth has added aromatics that give a lovely depth to dishes.) I suppose if you’re boring, you could just add a little water.
A knock at the door woke him. Ronan sat up, disoriented because he did not remember falling asleep. Sunlight streamed in the room through soft yellow curtains. The clock told him much of the morning had already rushed away. Someone knocked again.
I seem to have recently found the DIYer in me. About 2 1/2 weeks ago, my husband and I renovated our children's playroom. Goodbye 1970s/80s wood paneling! Yuck. Our project consisted of tearing down the paneling, scraping old wallpaper adhesive off of the walls (1960s velvet green wallpaper, anyone?), patching holes (he did all of that), sanding the walls, and finally painting. I picked a nice, neutral beige and added some wall decals for decor. I'm planning on adding more decor later, but I haven't gotten to that yet. I have a super cute idea that I can't wait to share with all of you once I get around to completing it. And we also have yet to paint the trim, but the main part is done and that's what matters.
Case in point: Last week a nut-job volunteer for McCain made up a story about having been brutalized by an Obama-supporting Black man. (According to police, it appears the woman is mentally ill and no one put her up to it.)
...and Never return
Johnson (D-SD)
Mana Poster: Fractal Art
Now, make sure to take some time and browse my fellow DT member's blogs for even more inspiration using Home Sweet Home!!
A mass-marketed candy such as Peeps is certainly not anything that is special to New York City. But, nonetheless, they can be found here, primarily in chain stores, such as Duane Reade.
My sister and her fiance are on the plane, flying back to the West Coast. They had to leave at 4:30 this morning to get to the airport. Seeing them was one of the highlights of this holiday season; I see my sister once a year and we have to pack a lot into this short visit.
My novel, Stealing Breath, was inspired by a story told to me by one of my friends, an Indigenous Canadian. The story was of a time she was on a road trip. It was the middle of the night and she was growing too tired to continue driving, so she pulled her car over to the side of the road, somewhere in Arizona near the “four corners” (Arizona, Colorado, New Mexico and Utah). She planned to have a nap, but was startled awake when her car started rocking as if someone was jumping on her car, their mocking laughter outside sending shivers up her back. Quite abruptly it stopped, and when she spoke to some of her Navajo relatives later, they said these tricksters were Skinwalkers, people
Note to self: I have to stop saying Mucho Bueno (a lot good) in the place of Muy Bueno (very good)…working on it -_-
I Love You Golden Blue
It is for this kind of person; Christ Jesus came into the world. Here is what we read in Hebrews 2:18, “For in that he himself hath suffered being tempted, he is able to succour (help) them that are tempted.” Later in Hebrews 4:15 we read that He “was in all points tempted like as we are, yet without sin.” Paul wrote in 1 Corinthians 10:13, “There hath no temptation taken you but such as is common to man; but God is faithful, who will not suffer you to be tempted above that ye are able; but will with the temptation also make a way to escape, that ye maybe able to bear it.”
In between having an important "evening meal" (a pork pie and a pack of crisps) we ended up having 3 of the Gambit each. All the time the pub was filling up with punters, and before we knew it, not only was it 21.00 but Wee Keefy was in with his work colleagues. Mr H had to escape home but I stayed for another half, this time the Revolutions Overkill Rhubarb Wheat beer. I had eyed this up with caution even though I rate Revolutions, but I needn't have worried - this was a fantastic quenching not too chewy not too sweet fruit beer which I wished I'd had enough "real money" to have a pint of.
Hi there ladies, I thought it was well overdue to do a little review about The Body Shop mascara Big and Curvy. Over the xmas period i have been alternating between false lashes and mascara on days when I'm feeling lazy. It is so hard to find the perfect mascara and i love reading other peoples reviews on them.
But I can tell you one thing. I can tell you when I'm most happy. I'm most happy, most at peace, when the choices that other people make or what they say, do not affect how I feel about myself. And that has come about by detaching myself from external praise and criticism, and trusting my inner Self.
Peel and cut up the carrots, into 2 inch pieces, and spread them across the top of the lamb.
Nokia Bluetooth Speakers MD-7W
Soon the Economic Bailout Explosive wasn’t enough, the leaders needed to use Quantitative Easing Explosive. This was a magical explosive, which made people’s money decrease in value without even touching it.As the cylinder's flight arc grew shorter, the self-congratulations grew more strained.
I have been working hard to get ready for Market. I finally bought my plane tickets and found a hotel. I hate doing that stuff because it takes so much time and is so BORING. So I procrastinate. Getting the booth ready is much more fun, so I will start on that in the next few days. At least I will think about it. That way I kind of have an idea in my head about where it is going when I get there.
14. The Bird and the Bee - Private Eyes
Since solids can be unforgiving in showing mistakes in quilting I chose to have all my sashing pieces be seamless. The best way for me to do this was to purchase a piece based on the finished length of the quilt. So for my FIL's quilt I purchased 64" of Kona Ash, and for the Star Wars I purchased 75" of Kona Navy. By doing this I was able to cut my sashing pieces 4.5" by length of fabric and have no seams.
One interesting point that did come out from the conference was that part of the problem is that e-books are complex or the e-book market is not matured yet because they are available so many different formats and getting something as simple to work well in any platform can be a frustrating experience. All (publishers, aggregators, librarians) realized and agreed that it is a constant changing technological landscape and we, as information professionals need to be tuned , keep well informed about this medium and keep supporting the evolving needs of our users. Students have varied expectations for accessing resources and information and we must accommodate these technologies in order to support their learning.
Now don't let my hopeful words above in any way legitimize the United States' actions over the past ten years. We've been the opposite of rational and virtuous at nearly every turn, and the assassination of a terrorist mastermind doesn't exactly negate all of that. However, the fact that it happened under a new president with a new strategy, along with an amazing speech that emphasizes the fact that our country is not, and never was, at war with Islam, but that we can be (though the Tea Party, or many other intolerant people people would say otherwise) a nation that embraces diversity - diversity of religion, racial diversity, sexual diversity, gender diversity - and can be a place that the rest of the world will look at and wonder at how well our heterogeneous country, the most heterogeneous on the planet, work so well.
You want to look for keyword phrases that you can get a high positioned PPC ad for a low cost – preferably under $.20 cents a click. If the product you are promoting is in a less competitive niche then you should find a lot of keyword phrases that you can use, but if your product is in a more competitive niche then it will be more difficult finding those great keyword phrases.
It’s an unfortunate fact of computer science: when a computer program runs, it will do what it’s programmed to do, even if it’s programmed to be harmful. When you choose to run a program, you are making a decision to turn over control of your computer to it. Once a program is running, it can do anything, up to the limits of what you yourself can do on the computer. It could monitor your keystrokes and send them to a website. It could open every document on the computer, and change the word “will” to “won’t” in all of them. It could send rude emails to all your friends. It could install a virus. It could create a “back door” that lets someone remotely control your computer. It could dial up an ISP in Katmandu. Or it could just reformat your hard drive.
Everyone that has beat this evil has, whether they understand this or not, achieved the Great Work — a full detachment. They learnt how to live and let thoughts of addiction and cravings come (because they do come, many years after, but come only for a second. strong and never-ending second). Those great Masters have achieved to acknowledge the thought rising, interacting with them for a second, and then letting it go.
Will you join me in praying for Jason and to continue believing in his work and praying that he will receive the greatest love one could ever receive.
All the PVPs ran really well, and people seemed to take a lot of notice of us. Those purple vests really stand out in a crowd, and we were approached by quite a few people asking about the club. One local fell racing luminary described it as a 'sea of purple'. Damn right. With five runners in the top fifty and strong placings for all the other nine it sort of felt like we were finally announcing our arrival to the regional fell running scene.
Grease hands with oil; wrap a portion of filling with a portion of the skin. Drop the cakes into the middle of a cellophane square. Flatten the cakes into square shapes and wrap, seal the cellophane with the hot tip of and incense.
Sounds like crap to me; the kind of crap that empty suits say in an election year...
I made a 4x 5 1/2" kraft card base. Trim pattern paper and adhere. Tie on ribbon. Die cut Lacey circle from white cardstock and circle from pattern paper. Mat and adhere on card. Die-cut small circle. Stamped starts and ice cream cone and ink up the edge.
There are thousands of more reasons why I love her so much... each day I find something new to appreciate about her. :)
Betty Haynes (played by Rosemary Clooney) stayed home.
The Dogfish Head brewery makes some unique, extreme and outstanding beer. Their motto is “Off-centered ales for off-centered people.” The beer I was drinking was an IPA with an innovative bittering technique that the brewers there thought up. Traditionally beers are brewed with two major hop additions - One very early for bitterness and one near the end of the boil for flavor. Their technique adds very small hop additions continuously throughout the boil. This makes for an IPA that is hyper-infused with hop flavor and “slaps your mama” with its bitterness.
However, although the numbers on the face might reveal the opposite, the truth is minority-owned businesses need even more attention in order to ensure their success (a goal of The National Puerto Rican Chamber of Commerce).
and what he was doing in Cuba.
There are six of them facing initiation. Standing blindfolded in their boxer shorts. They have no idea how many others can see them, are watching them, or what the evening will bring but they're excited, nervous and thanks to new legislation and the constant berating of the Vice Chancellor, they're expecting little more than a night in a coffin, a faux paddling or being forced to drink some disgusting unction. It's titillating. He can smell the sweet stench of acceptance.
Imagine having to stand up in front of a ship full of sea sick men, and admitting.. "yes, the storm that we are currently caught in?? All. My. Fault. Sorry bout' that. Not sure why I thought I could run from the Creator of the UNIVERSE."
And all the world is in it's prime.
Hi there. I am entering my card in this weeks Crafty Creations Challenge where the challenge is to use distressing in your card.
I saw people all last week love and serve Jesus at Mission of Hope.
What did sound good was some chocolate!! I’ve made a pact with myself to not keep ice cream in the house as a staple any longer. It was becoming too much of a routine rather than a craving. Last night the craving came loud and clear.
How does one handle a cleansing crisis?
As I've been arguing for the last year, the main hit is to Welfare. That was obvious, because Welfare recipients are atomised and pretty defenceless. There is no Claimants or Unemployed Workers Union with any economic or industrial muscle. Moreover, every Government, in such circumstances proposes Cuts, to FUTURE Welfare Payments, because, being in the future, it is open to all sorts of variation and manipulation. The other target, as Paul Mason points out, is Public Sector Pay and Pensions. Experience of Public Sector unions is that they may fight to save jobs, and, where that involves closure of services, it opens up the possibility of linking up with other workers affected by the closure, but, when it comes to pay and Pensions, they have been loathe to take action. Moreover, its pretty unlikely they could get the support of other workers simply to defend pay, and certainly not to defend Pensions. According, to the document, photographed on Danny Alexander's lap, it appears that they are proposing 480,000 job cuts, ONLY if some equivalent saving cannot be found from pay and pensions.
Is he losing the fight, or just bending to see?
By the time I arrive at the meeting place I am soaked from the dew and humid air. My hair hangs over my shoulders in a dripping curtain of dark ringlets. Gypsy is none-the-drier but she seems more alert than I am. I feel like I am drinking in the water, the dew, trying to make up for the years of parched dust that had settled on my body like a second skin. I shiver in the cold, early morning breath. Gypsy pricks her ears and I too hear the three beat rhythm of approaching cantering hooves. The bay horse emerges from the wall of trees, mist playing in his black mane. Henry smiles broadly and I can’t help my face breaking into a grin.
In their FA Cup Semi-Final, Chelsea fans were singing during the minute’s silence for the Hillsborough disaster. It wasn’t a few fans. It was clearly audible on the television broadcasts – so much so that the editors cut away to footage of the service held at Anfield instead, before the referee of the Semi-Final cut the minute’s silence short. Chelsea fans were booed afterwards by the Tottenham supporters. Even the commentator, Clive Tyldesley was outraged.
While we were there, I got a call from an old friend of mine that I met at summer camp in CT in 2005, who is now a NYPD Cop. He was down in Manhattan bringing someone to court (haha, a day in the life) and he stopped in to say hello. He walked in the door of the pub, and all the staff turned and looked. I mean, he is about 6’6” tall, but apparently police in bars in America is very unheard of and uncommon! We quickly stepped outside to chat as not to cause a fuss, haha. I was very amused to see that not only did he have a gun (lol) but that he was wearing a bulletproof vest. Wow. I guess that’s what you get for working in the Bronx!
the warmth
“There are a lot of anecdotes about deaf people being better able to pick up on body language, but this is the first evidence of that,” said David Corina, professor in the UC Davis Department of Linguistics and Center for Mind and Brain.
Spring has sprung! The weather here isn’t quite as lovely as where we used to live down south, but we sure do have a beautiful view. RocketGirl learned how to fly her first kite and I got to plant my annuals in the planters around the front porch. BulldozerBaby has been sick the past two weeks and hasn’t gotten to enjoy much but has been riding snugly in my wrap as I run my errands.
Bitch looked so peaceful, here. It was strange seeing her relax and rest so easily when, day-to-day, even before recent events, she seemed to be on edge to a degree that would drive most people to insanity. It wasn’t aggression or anxiety, exactly, but some combination of the two.
Norfolk State’s starting pitcher, Chris Horne, also did well today, and during the first few innings, managed to throw off several Maryland players with key pitches and breaking balls that dropped so dramatically, starting at the eyes and dropping down toward the stomach, and successively surprised many Maryland hitters.
I have used wrapping paper in the past but didn't have enough on hand and wanted to do this before shopping again, so I found a leftover rectangle green Dollar Tree tablecloth. (which, fyi is big enough to cover all the layers if cut logically, but if covering the risers, I think another would have been nessesary, but 2x$1 is better than 2x$3 a roll for wrapping paper!) I cut around each circle and scotch-taped the plastic on.
Until Tomorrow or later on…
Who wouldn’t want to have a marriage that lasts, one that goes the distance—in love, intimacy, purpose, friendship, fulfillment, and years? The sad fact, however, is that while most couples spend hours and thousands of dollars preparing for the wedding, very few spend any time at all preparing for their marriage. That’s where Craig Groeschel’s book, Love, sex, and happily ever after, comes in. It presents the foundational principles that will help couples build a marriage that will last.
6:15-6:30 Conference welcome: Invited representatives from Nanyang Technological University and Museum
Sometimes happiness comes with sadness.
Dear More Than Conquerors, SComm, friends,
As for today’s chocolate recipe, I hope you’ll find it worthy of a sleuth. Why? Because these fudgy cookies have the flavor and texture of gooey chocolate brownies, yet they are lower in fat than a typical cookie. By sneaking in an entire can of pureed pumpkin, I’m able to replace all of the shortening in the recipe while simultaneously bringing iron, dietary fiber, and vitamins A, C, and E to the Halloween party.
They are leaning their young heads against their mothers---
“For I neither received it of man, neither was I taught it, but by the revelation of Jesus Christ.”
Dress (Eric Alexandre), jacket (Guess, thrifted), shoes (Coffee Sumatra, Fluevogs), belt (Gap), necklace (gift from Tina), earrings (gift from Megan Mae).
By May it is clear that none of them are going to grow. The spring onions - last year's sole success - have refused to play out at all this year, and the salad leaves I sprinkled boldly into a strawberry pot on the advice of a vegetable gardener are nowhere to be seen. Some pea plants have grown a centimetre tall, but they will not be joined in their stab at life by the neighbouring tomatoes. Or even the sunflowers. And this year, we have absolutely not even attempted any carrots.
After two minutes had passed it still had a fucking plus sign. I re-read the instructions hoping that plus sign meant, "It's a plus that you aren't knocked up!" But no, it meant "It's a plus that you know who the baby daddy is!" Luckily it comes with two tests. I tried again.
No, she is not mine, although I wish she was. This is my niece, Isabelle. Isn't she adorable? So anyhow, my little Sis is a young Mom and needed a lot of help with her new Bundle of Joy. I was more than happy to pitch in. Now baby and Mom are settling in quite nicely and I can spend more of my time beading and blogging and less of my time changing diapers ;)
Ruth: I've really gone for something that flutters! I've cut out and layered up four of the butterflies from Sundae of Season, glittered the edges of the wings, the tips of their tails and added antenna with wire and sead beads. They have tiny little magnets adding to their underneaths and currently are perched on my button tub! For a close up version have a look at my blog!
Putting the Blame on Mame
If you post about it, please leave a link in the comments so I can check it out!
“Three armed men entered the warehouse. They forced an employee to lie on the ground. They then brought in other workers from outside and made them all lie down.
We don’t yet know the details of the application yesterday, but NAMA has been sued in the past by an insolency practitioner and building company over unpaid bills.
The holiest of holies when it comes to essentials in the French woman's wardrobe....the right hand to YSL's 'le smoking' jacket...the black pants....Like the LBD...never leave home without them...
Finally the ladder was in the right place, and a creaking Mr. G. climbed up and told Athur to jump on his shoulder. Arthur found it very funny that his beloved feeder also wanted to sit in the tree. So he welcomed him by scratching his nose. The feeder unhappily scolded with him about this kind welcome, when Arthur suddenly turned around and jumbed on another branch. No way to catch him. I called Arthur and tried to calm down the now very unhappy Mr. G ! By now Arthur had reached the lower branches and like a flash jumped down on the grass just besides my legs. Then he sat by my feet and looked up.
When I first read this quotation:
The actual minutes of the symposium were published in the July, 1948 issue of the American Journal of Psychotherapy, a quarterly publication that was the official organ of the Association for the Advancement of Psychotherapy. This journal covered the proceedings of the Association's meetings as well as editorials, case studies, book listings and advertisements dealing with all areas of psychiatry and psychology. The journal was released after this firestorm ensued.
His choices echo the catchcry of the First Things First manifesto, originally penned in 1964 and updated in 2000 in Adbusters, signed by ‘graphic designers, art directors and visual communicators.’* Any recent graduate might find themselves crying, ‘There are pursuits more worthy of our problem-solving skills!’ when faced with the sheer futility of the corporate job they have taken.
a mind for thinking
Thought I'd done it all. Thought it was covered and I have griefproofed my house. Then this morning I spotted two toys I'd missed. Hidden at the bottom of the bed. Lined up perfectly.
You cant bring me down (now or yea)
Me: Little gems.
You will find the Paper Crafts Show at the RNA Exhibition Grounds, in the Upper Commerce Building from Friday the 5th to Sunday the 7th of February. Doors open at 10am and we are working hard each day until 4.30pm.
Let’s have a real serious talk here.
The state Department of Environmental Conservation (DEC) is also considering declaring the reservoir as a “state-regulated freshwater wetland.” If the site is given that designation, the state DEC would have the authority to review any potential activities at the reservoir and require permits for any specific improvements.
—Climatopolis: How Our Cities Will Thrive in the Hotter Future by Matthew E. Kahn (Basic Books). Kahn's book is at once hopeful—that cities will energetically reconfigure themselves to function smoothly in a decarbonized global economy—and cautionary, warning that whole regions of the world might soon become uninhabitable.
You can now garnish it with roasted cashews and dessicated coconut powder.
Ask me my favourite film and my mind goes blank. There’s too much choice, I can’t remember them all, let alone choose. But ask which film I hate the most and it’s easy. No competition.
Most teachers from the generation prior to me tended to stay in a teaching position within the same district for their full career. Once they achieved tenure, the only other objective was to work ones way up the ranks, possibly to a position in the district office. Due to the relative seclusion of both the teaching profession and the individual school districts, teachers did not have much with which to compare their profession. Due to the stasis, a good school and district remained so for the long term due to no or limited turnover.
my birthday with all of my wonderful blog readers!
So Bacon needed our help, and we were there for it. After the email from J and D’s I immediately emailed Kroger and asked them to keep Bacon popcorn on their shelves… this is the answer I recieved… Well played Kroger…well played!
The notion is absurd
Me: What? No. I do that every week.
Mister Morton and the Pink Taco people took a lot of heat last year (2011) when, as part of their Cinco de Mayo promotions and celebrations, they dyed a donkey pink, wrote "Pink Taco" on both its sides, paraded it around Century City and then tied the damn thing a post outside the restaurant. Handlers say the donkey was not harmed, Mister Morton apologized to PETA and promised not to use animals in future promotions just as he promised PETA in 2007 or '08 when they cried foul after he made use of a pink donkey at the restaurant's opening.
The Garden Intrigue by Lauren Willig (audio)
Friday–On Fridays, I get an email from The Produce Box letting me know what is in the various boxes for the next week. I usually go ahead and order my box on Friday and, based on what is going to be in my box, I tweak my menu and make a shopping list of the remaining items I will need. Since what I get in my Produce Box is similar to what is available in the market, there aren’t usually surprises here.
They are namely:
one-sentence summary. I prefer to see a one-sentence
And what does it mean to "know" something? In school, I think it means "getting a good grade on the test." It requires remembering something just long enough to answer a few to a lot of questions correctly. As I pointed out in my first post about tests, these forced testing situations are unique to school.
Let me apologise for the quality of the video, the background choice of noise was either children playing inside or the wind outside. I chose the wind. I have included the instructions below the video so you can just watch the video for the demonstration of the exercise.
Higher still the waters rose and the woman was now forced to climb onto the roof of her house ,where she watched the torrent of water rising even further. Suddenly a helicopter appeared from out of the clouds and somebody threw down a rope ladder shouting..” quickly this is your last chance..climb aboard”. Refusing help yet again the woman knelt in prayer and told the pilot “No..NO ..god will save..me”.
He shall take them away as with a whirlwind,
Applications
In June of 1862, following the Battle of Shiloh, Confederate troops began retreating to Oxford bringing with them their wounded many of whom would not recover. These are the earliest recorded burials at the cemetery.
Introduction
I blame the gnats.
So while you're at the fest enjoying the day and some great beers from around the country, come by and say hello! If you need tickets head to the Parkville Microfest site, or get some at the gate. $25 advance, $30 day of event. The weather looks like it's going to be perfect, not too hot to enjoy an oatmeal stout, but after some walking around, a Ginger Shandy will really hit the spot! See you there!
in all your ways submit to him,
We went to the Cabana del Tio Tom, translation: Uncle Tom’s Cabin. Mmm tasty commentary-on-racism! (He’s telling us where to sit) But the tapas are huge! Let me explain the concept of a tapa, because it is a great one. You buy a small drink, and then you choose a little plate of food to go with it, the tapa. The tapa is included in the price of the drink! So the past few meals I’ve had I haven’t paid more than 5 euros for a meal. And even though the plates are small, with a few drinks it is very filling!
CD 1:
Romans 8:31-32 (NLT)
However, none of the scenarios is of much comfort to those seeking to protect the data itself from extraction and use, something that sui generis database rights cover precisely but which data creators would not seem to have a chance of protecting in a database also managed by them if the AG’s opinion is followed by the ECJ. That is, unless there is another aspect to the structure of the database which is then also copied by the unlicensed user".
A pinch of cardamom
Well see you soon~!
Paper with Pen
We have a winner of the Kinder Latino product entry. Congratulations to Bobbi Storseth Capwell!!
David Ackles: Road To Cairo
Never, not once did I think Natalie took what we said to heart.
“I am seeing an indication of an incoming inquiry. It looks like some sort of a trace exercise. I need to see where the signal is coming from”.
We would arrange the songs through jamming after I brought some ideas of the songs during Merry-Go-Round period. I usually took charge in the melodies but the main riffs of the guitar of keyboard would reflect the members’ opinions. The arrangements were also more focused on the musical performance rather than the vocal sound since the process took place as we jammed together.
I posted the prices realized from this week's contemporary art auction at Christie's. You're not going to believe your eyes. Expectations were exceeded. In come cases, by many multiples. Buckle up and scroll down.
This week I am thankful for:
When we stepped inside, we saw a wall of people. The men’s 1000 was just beginning, and we had hoped to watch – two Americans, both friends of Jonathan’s were skating and we would have liked to cheer for them. The concrete steps had filled up completely, and the flat area at the top was already piled several rows deep. It was also about 87 degrees in there, which is Too Hot for my usual speedskating outfit – wool long underwear top and bottom, thick wool socks, wool mittens, a wool scarf, a jacket. We piled in at the back of the crowd trying to get a view of the ice, but I soon realized I’d never make it crowding in with other people like that – so instead, I moved to the outer edge of the pathway, standing on my tip toes and cooling my back against the wall. I could see the overhead screen and a sliver of the ice, so it really was about as good a view as I’d be able to get.
It had to end.
(Actually, this trend has already started, albeit on a very isolated scale. Some breweries use the "stubby" bottles for their product, a throwback design from decades ago. This bottle style does have some distinct and practical functional advantages for brewers but it holds only 11.2 ounces in volume instead of the standard 12 ounces. Fortunately, the ubiquity of the iconic longneck brown bottle is a difficult tradition and marketing package from which to deviate.)
For those who pray the Rosary, Mondays typically bring meditation on the joyful mysteries. During my Monday morning reflections lately, I can’t help but notice the proximity in the mysteries of joy and sorrow. At least two of the joyful mysteries of the Rosary are closely related to two of the Seven Sorrows of Mary.
Tears for Fears Woman in change UK
Purple is like my favourite colour so naturally when I saw it. I loved it. I love the cover, I think it's amazing and I can't wait to see what they do with the cover for book 2.
Mommy: Really? Where have you seen a purple dog?
If Ian Fox interviews me for some online project he’s doing, then I can blog about him interviewing me. On this basis, British-based American comedian Lewis Schaffer and I have built up a fruitful cyber-incestuous relationship by occasionally blogging about each other. I quote him in my blog, which he then mentions in his blog, which I then comment on and on and on…
DUH!! Not Gonna Have a PITY PARTY & give up. I mentioned a couple of
Not the best picture I guess, and not the best work by Aaryan but yes, it is from his heart :D My boy has used only scrappy bits that Mamma 'doesn't need'. He just came and asked me if I could spare some things - anything - that I may not want; then sat with his glue stick and created this by sticking it all in a random pattern. He also upcycled some things (like the plastic sheet in the middle, a stone that came off from a sandal - insisting that it is a black colored diamond for his uncle- and that foam letter 'E' which is not a letter but just a 'pattern'!) I asked if he wanted my help folding a card but he said he didn't want to make a 'normal' card and he just wanted to do his own thing!! :D The flowers are ready made but everything else is scrap that was lying in my scrap pile! And it is a big card!!! He has signed off with his name too :-p
Paper Punches - Martha Stewart Crafts
"Agencies are created with particular powers--the ultimate goal being to exercise those powers in the public interest," he said. "ESDC, in theory, is supposed to be approving the components of the project, the timetable… in the MGPP, they've left that completely to Ratner."
7. Prefer getting or giving presents? I love giving presents… the whole search for the right gift and the happy look on other person’s face…Priceless
This book has so many levels to grasp onto. Whether you’re into sci-fi and fantasy, or you just want a good story about growing up, making hard choices and doing the ‘right’ thing. This book will grab you and take you for a wonderful imaginary ride. That ride, will also make poignant jabs at your own past, or someone you likely know.
The Threat Not Just to Japan But to the U.S. and the World
The buyers of our farmhouse had no interest in keeping the Aga - did we want to take it with us? What a question! We employed a man to come and move it for us. He was as squat and solid as the cooker, with hands as large as the hob lids. He moved the Aga with great skill, and seeming ease, out of the kitchen and through the door by means of a few wooden rollers. It sat in the garage of our new home for a while until we had rearranged the kitchen, having to knock down a wall to accommodate it. Once it was in place our small cottage started to feel like home.
This year the cranberry sauce is going to be replaced with cranberry chutney. I am not really sure how one is different from the other because one of these recipes is similar to cranberry sauce I have been making for years. Maybe I have been making chutney all along.
but in real life, it's cool.
I suppose this entry is a good time to apologize to any of you who interpreted the name of my blog to mean that the "Art" is my photography (something my husband pointed out to me after I had already named my blog) - by now you surely know it is not. The "Art" refers to something apparently lost over the many years - how to use real, readily available ingredients to produce edible and delicious results. How many times have we grabbed mixes and packets and and stirred a few other premixed items into it and called it food? It's easy, and it sure does taste great, so what's the harm?
-bake your own cupcakes using my favourite vanilla bean cupcake recipe
Well have a wonderful week. I hope to be creating more soon. Until next time...have fun and make every moment count!
So for me, growing up, the DH wasn't a gimmick or an abomination the way it might have been for people who had been baseball fans for years and years. No, it was part of the game (and a wonderful part). I imagine it is this way for people who can't remember the NBA before the three-point line or college basketball before the shot clock or the NFL before the illegal contact rule. Rule changes, in time, simply become rules.
Scentsy's philosophy of Simplicity, Authenticity, and Generosity has made us one of the fastest growing companies the direct selling industry has ever seen. And we just keep growing! Right now, Scentsy is expanding into Europe. First comes spreading Scentsy throughout the U.K. and Germany, but after that, who knows? Anything's possible with Scentsy!I was talking to Kathy that night and she sent me a file about joining. After reading that page I was HOOKED! I have been selling Scentsy now for almost two months and I have made enough to pay the starter kit back to us and put money in the bank! What are we saving for right now? I am going to Scentsy Convention in August in Fort Worth, then we are saving for Disney! Yep thats right Scentsy will be paying for my kids and I (I think we will take the hubby too) to Disney.
I don’t know how but I don’t even care–I sing this the most loudly now. It’s a miracle really. And it’s not perfect or finished yet, and I’ll have days that set me back. But are you kidding? I am different than I was and I don’t even really know how. God pulled the splinter out without me asking Him to or watching how.
1. Three MK ULTRA mind-controlled Super Solider Units hours before being activated and sent to Mars to battle the awakening of an ancient force a la Ghosts of Mars/Total Recall? or
How do you file your bills etc?
WSJ: President Obama’s TV health-care forum …was … revealing. Namely, Mr. Obama shared more than he probably intended about the kind of rationing that his health plan will inevitably impose.
This has been the “classic old trick” of email marketers. But there are tons of people that get cut right here. “Oh, just low- commitment, I will be better off without them”. Sure you would.
Cut each slab of the ribs into two pieces for easier handling. Rinse the ribs and drain. Coat the ribs well with the marinade, and marinate them for at least six hours (preferably overnight). Turn them over once after half of the marinating time has passed.
Bound by the surprise of our glory days
My mind gets tense like a tightened guitar string with even the slightest thought of the probability of having to make a phone call in near future. If I have sometime to get myself prepared for the upcoming conversation, you can see me rehearsing it countless times in my head. In severe cases I lose my appetite and am seen behaving crazily as if my university exams results are about to be declared any minute.
Oh my goodness... I have left the blog neglected and dusty for a whole MONTH! How rubbish am I? I have been kind of busy though, honest, not just lazy. In fact, in February, I went to Norwich, Cornwall, London, Coventry AND Leicestershire for various trips, all of which were work-related, so that's my excuse. I'm back in sunny, nearly-spring-like Bath and am not going anywhere for a while. Phew.
task of making her accept him as her chauffeur to the time
The stern was formed
‘This,’ I said, ‘is Patrick. Patrick is a genuine African racing ostrich.’
On the bright side of the dark side, he says that all the emotional pain and the fact that I self-injured indicate we are on the right track. We are not working on a decoy. He's proud of the fact that I didn't hurt myself worse, even though I spent a lot of time pondering doing so. And he's proud of me for telling him that I injured myself instead of hiding it.
I am really excited about these life events.
feeling the weight of negative people even though I do not choose to see them...though it isn't new, it is something that has come back around to me again...
Feel a bit shaken up. I better have a cocoa.
(in a vacuum, you'd rise to the opposite of your start position, then return, if there was no friction, you'd do this forever, a perfect pendulum... What do we remember about pendulums? (pendula) Ah. Equal time per arc.
Anyway....Im excited for tonight, Andrew and I love having a housefull and hosting people....I think it reminds us of home! So....I better go, and start cleaning up all my little messes :)
The author plays with the idea of heritage and with the jarring meeting of magic and science as Maya finds out more of the secrets of the Cabinet. Along the way, Maya learns that her worries about school and not fitting in are far less important than saving herself and her brother from those who want to use the two children for their own ends. The fantasy plot includes a nice riff on the wonderful awfulness of family in our lives, along with our human tendencies towards both selfishness and selflessness.
To which I say, "If you want to be a gold digger, that's part of the deal."
CASTLE is another show that’s not a slam dunk but should squeak by. Hey, the CASTLE books are better than the CASTE show anyway.
No – it’s probably not right to try to knock a player out of a game for money, but try to tell me that defensive players don’t try to knock out key players anyhow. Not only that, they get rewarded by media and fans on highlight reels and Top 10 plays. A middle linebacker leveling a receiver could be the main talk around the water cooler the next day.
in my sweet studio.
Instead of buying stuff and paying to have them on xbox how about a Microsoft made product like “x- messenger” just like apple made Imessages to find people playing your games around you.
It also could Wes Welker that put me in the spirit. I was watching the news this morning and saw a story about how he gave a pair of tickets to the game to an Iraq War Veteran. That makes him a class act in my book, regardless of how he plays (which is usually fantastic).
(ya, none of us like to think of those things happening but it happens and most people lament the loss of family photos that will never be seen again. - Going digital can be a safeguard.)
In order to “get back to it” I went into safe territory with this group of layouts to get things started. Every year (since Gwynie was in 2nd grade) I scrapbook the kids school photo along with their class photo. This is as simple as it gets because I try to keep it fairly consistent from year to year. Nothing fancy or spectacular. I also have them write their favorite things during that year. It is so fun to see some things stay the same, but to see changes and especially in their handwriting!
Sophie gets stronger as the book keeps going and her desire to not be like her mother keeps her out of the clutches of Benedict but not forever.
Thanks for the great information, Dan! I’ve started working on a landing page for my website and will post it for everyone to see when I’m finished. I’ve already created an article titled, “Top 10 Questions to Ask When Purchasing Business Insurance” and will be using that to generate leads through my page.
However, of course Japan isn’t just full of wonderful things. Japanese government’s response and actions after the North East Japan Earthquake and the nuclear power plant accident was very sloppy, and all the government officials were blaming each other to save their own face. They are not putting enough efforts into reconstruction either.
At 10:53 they showed up.
Rawlings, who was then only 31 years old, led a military council, the Armed Forces Revolutionary Council (AFRC) in cleaning up the government. Rawlings then stepped aside for an elected government.
AEM directors help set the guidelines and operating policies of the association on behalf of its members in areas including public policy, equipment statistics and market information, trade shows, technical and product safety support, global business development, education/training, workforce development, and worksite safety/educational materials.
The Raymond Revuebar also reportedly featured a horse removing girls’ underwear with its teeth – sugar lumps were attached to relevant parts of the underwear to encourage the horse.
- Alternately, your costuming pieces could either be stuffed with money or be made of / covered in money. You could wear lots of rhinestone jewelry and your character could be narcissistically distracted by her own sparkly self. You could pull plastic gold coins from your bra and toss them up in the air – just be careful that you don’t slip on them or put someone’s eye out!
“Friends, I believe we have a President who hasn’t the faintest idea why Americans do some of the things they do. Vote the way they do, for instance. A lack of communication? I doubt it. Obama has no more empathy for what it means to be an American than my front screen door possesses for the flies it keeps out.”
1 1/2 lbs chicken tenders
I love that I love photography. Merely because there are moments I'm always going to want to remember and with my camera, those moments will always be there.
Step 7
One message in two or three different languages will ensure that more people will understand the brand; more people will be enticed by the brand and a general higher probability of a successful message.
I got a kick out of showing my students this aspect of my life and relished the opportunity to play a skatepunk masterpiece for them. Each class seemed to appreciate my efforts, despite their general aversion to the sound of the song itself. And they seemed to work the rest of the class period, filling out the charts and thinking about what they would say about themselves.
Doctors at the centre train foreign surgeons who, in turn, replicate the technique in their own countries.
Or is she just saying that because she thinks she is supposed to? Well, probably she really wants us to attend. But by second grade she may just be acting polite.
Request #1: Crib sheets to go with an orange nursery, under $20!
“These are tiny earthquakes and they’re the variety that occur thousands of times a day around the world,” said John Cassidy, a federal government seismologist in Victoria, B.C., of the international findings.
the black vastness of her hair
My mother-in-law saw me thrilled by these flowers and added to my knowledge about them. She told me that the Malayalis call these flowers ‘Kani Konna’, and that they are an important part of the celebration of the Malayali New Year, Vishu. Before the sun is up on the day of Vishu, these flowers are beautifully arranged in a plate by the ladies of houses all over Kerala, along with money, new clothes, sweets and seasonal fruits, and placed before the idols of God.
The next morning I got up and was checking my email before I went to work. There it was again! Another post from Qubee Quilts naming the winner of their giveaway. Guess what!!! I was the winner! Yeah! I couldn't believe it! And you know what happens when you win something like that--no one is around to tell!! lol
There is a wonderful book by Toby Mac and Michael Tait, “Under God”, published in 2004 by Bethany House. If anyone doubts that the Founding Fathers were men of profound faith, they should read this book of the nation’s early history. At one point they tell of Thomas Jefferson returning to the Continental Congress with a draft of the Declaration of Independence.
If God is asking as to be unselfish, I dare say that it is possible to be so. We can be like the little boy in the story below. We can give away the little we have and watch it multiply and feed the multitude.
professional
He was like a lot of guys you run
A funny thing happened while I was dancing my heinie (sp?) off at a club in Montenegro: My boob fell out. Actually, it wasn't my boob. It was a piece of boob-shaped silicone I strategically place inside my dress to give the illusion of big boobs. I sat down with my dear friends for drinks that evening and K says to me, "Uhmmm Jenn, nice boobs. What's going on in there?" Guess it was pretty obvious. I divulged my dirty little secret and we chuckled. At one point, I was close to pulling one out for her to see as she had never seen one before. Turns out, I didn't need to. As I was hopping about in the club with Dear Friend #2, FLING! And to my utter horror, a chick next to me reached down to pick it up and hand it back to me. Pretty sure my hubby was more horrified than I was. We left shortly afterwards...boob in purse.
Do I still believe Satan doesn’t exist? I don’t know. All I know is that Satan wasn’t the one whose body I remember being pinned under. Satan wasn’t the one who took my virginity that endless summer when my head should have been filled with anticipation over my soon-to-come first day of school. But if he does exist, I certainly don’t think he had any objections.
I am so glad to see spring and warm weather. Not that winter was that horrible this year- I just love to see the leaves on the trees and the flowers. Not so much the weeds. Why do the weeds always come back before the flowers? I keep telling myself that dandelions are pretty flowers too. That idea is not spreading to my neighbors half as quickly as my dandelions are.
The rules for the award are as follows;-
Which the kids, of course (and especially this early in the year), love. Some of them are just aching for me to stand up front and talk so they can comfortably take notes. I try to keep it as short as possible and I usually even remind them (ahead of time) that they aren’t going to learn any physics while I’m up there talking. They’ll start learning it once they play with the words and ideas themselves and put them into action.
Hain, Cameron and Miliband:
And she's on an airplane
Saint Nicholas is unique in that most of his bones have been preserved in one spot, a crypt in Bari, Italy. In the 1950s, the Catholic Church allowed a scientific survey of the bones. In 2005, when these findings eventually found their way to a forensic laboratory in England, it was revealed that Saint Nicholas was barely five feet tall and had a broken nose.
A number of my friends have moved, or are about to move, to the South Coast of England.
Step 2: google "bird template." Find one you like. I picked a bird because that's Ava's nickname :0)
Any more questions?
Sometimes loving someone doesn't mean you like them all the time.
Gracie unzipped the black slip the dress was in and showed it to a surprised Denise.
I have admired flipbooks I've seen online and wished I could make them. I've found sites that can make and host them for you, but they're out of my league, I'm afraid. Somehow I found this software, which is an Adobe Dreamweaver extension, at a fraction of the cost. The trouble was to figure out how to use it!!! It's html and two xml files plus Flash. I know nothing about Flash and what the heck is xml??? I felt like Pooh Bear at first (a bear of very little brain...) The instructions are written for someone who knows what they're doing....
the doorbell rings and there is no barking.
Turns out, this broom trick started up back in ’09. Wow. I am behind. But for some reason, it recently turned into a little craze. Kinda like the whole Bernie dance. That song came out a few years ago (maybe ’08 or ’09? I’m not exactly sure), but a year or so ago, people everywhere were pulling out their Bernie moves on the dance floor and posting YouTube videos of group routines. Wild.
Slices into Issac's neck, head goes thud onto the ground
What one question would you like us to ask your readers?
Candy by Johnny Dowd
But Matisyahu lives more or less a rock star lifestyle, with gigs and groupies and all the rest, he’s even had a song featuring Akon – isn’t that incongruous with his faith? He doesn’t think so: he still upholds all the traditions, and draws on Judaism when he writes his lyrics. He himself has said that “Chasidism [a type of Orthodoxy] teaches that music is ‘the quill of the soul’”, expressing things that words alone cannot. He prays and meditates before his performances, although after that he listens to Jay-Z and drinks wine. In his own words, “I’ve always had these two sides of myself … My music is about bringing them together.” A recent tweet saying, “Mazel Tov my bro,” also showcases this juxtaposition.
I think if you can get to a place where you can do the thinking and say the words then you are on the right track.
I couldn't count the taps which jut out of every spare inch of the back wall of the curved bar area, but let's just say there are probably as many taps as there are states in the Union. (Okay, maybe a bit less, but there are plenty!)
The Wish
All this makes me think I should’ve just stuck with writing quests (hey, I could DO quests), but earlier this year I made a genre shift from fantasy to SF, and science fiction is a less questy genre than fantasy.
Is this better? What do you think?
“It is my dream to create an art which is filled with balance, purity and calmness, freed from a subject matter that is disconcerting or too attention-seeking. In my paintings, I wish to create a spiritual remedy, similar to a comfortable armchair which provides rest from physical expectation for the spiritually working, the businessman as well as the artist.”
Chaplin develops a similar dynamic with the character of the millionaire (Harry Myers) who the Tramp befriends by saving the distraught rich man from killing himself over his divorce, in a very funny and fluidly paced slapstick scene in which the two men not only repeatedly fall into the water, but more importantly, continually teeter on the edge of falling in. (Chaplin knows well that so much of comedy is about restraint and teasing, as when he has the Tramp continually stepping just to the edge of a hole that opens up in the sidewalk, unseen, behind him. We expect the Tramp to fall in but somehow it's even funnier that he doesn't, at least not right away.) The Tramp and the rich man provide another of the film's allegories on wealth, because when the rich man is drunk, he considers the Tramp his best friend for saving him, but whenever he sobers up, he completely forgets about the homeless wanderer who'd rescued him. Thus he alternates between embracing the Tramp as a friend and ordering his servants to kick Chaplin out of his mansion, which the snooty servants very eagerly do.
The reason why we profit so little by Holy Mass is, because we go to it with so little sense of the immense treasures which are communicated to us by means of it: as f the blood of a God were a thing of small account to merit us heaven, to obtain us pardon for our sins, to appease the Divine Justice, and to acknowledge worthily the favours God hath done us, and his love for us in the most blessed Sacrament; all which is performed by the means of Holy Mass.
So this 10p for a bag of doughnuts has become a cri de guerre for Mr. J. Oh yes! He is proud of his great achievement. He is a mighty warrior in the crusade of saving money. He is the Spendthrift Superhero.
My fingers bled from those thorns. The thorns caused inflammation and tenderness in every spot they gouged me. And, I was not intentionally trying to touch those thorns! The thorns Jesus endured for my salvation were pierced into his scalp and head! I have a hard time with the translation of the word “put” in our passage. The Bible is inerrant, and those soldiers did put that crown of thorns on His head—but “put” is such a generic word. These were Roman soldiers, titans of cruelty, who were mocking Him. They “put” that crown on with strength, viciousness and intent to harm. Oh, what Jesus bore for my sin—for your sin! This was just the beginning of His torture as He took on the sins of the world to provide Redemption for all of those who choose to believe He is the Son of God and accept His payment for theirs. He endured beatings, mocking, and yes, the death on the cross! There are no words that adequately express what He suffered, and there are no words that should adequately express our gratitude. We should thank Him with every day of life, and it still will not be enough!
*You can find egg roll wrappers in the refrigerated produce section of your grocery store. If for some reason you cant find them just use small tortillas, you may need to warm them before you roll the filling inside. They will turn out more like taquitos but they will still be good!
Cuisine: Salads, Seafood, Chips and Queso (see recipe)
I could see he suddenly began to question the wisdom of starting this conversation. ‘Yep’, I continued, ‘that means two meals and two baths on two days every weekend’.
Today I lost a very, very dear friend. She was my "2nd Momma" when I was young. Then again, I think she was everyone's Momma that would let her take on the role, but she had a special gift for making you feel like she was there for YOU! Every time I have gotten a promotion I've thought, boy would Rose be proud. When someone says I'm a good leader of "Brainstorming" sessions, I know that came directly from Rose. When I needed to choose a name for my daughter, I tried Rose with each name to see if it would fit as a middle name. My Grandmother's name won the spot in the end, but it took a coin-toss to settle it. THAT is how much this lady meant to me.
1059 ***D-VIII/27/1989. “Ethics and Technology: The Problem of Abortion and the Law.” World Conference on Ethical Choices in the Age of Pervasive Technology, Guelph University, Guelph, Ontario. (Incorporated in Item B-5, above, pp. 399-406 (1992).)
...and last but not least, Rod who painted, assembled, hung stuff up, endured shopping with me and most importantly, had opinions & took an interest in this stuff! Love you. :)
-A sweet potato
I love the NHS. I'd better get that bit in quickly before someone accuses me of being selfish, spoilt and not being grateful for free healthcare. I am definitely the grateful bit, and very definitely not in favour of the current Coalition car crash style of 'reform' but oh dear god does the NHS need reform.
Of course, turning on the generator with this new set up could be dicey. When the electrician left, Mr. Ednursesauras wanted to show me how to run it....just in case.
We have been busy putting up fence. We are putting up woven wire with an electric strand on the inside and barbwire on the top. We completed the lamb pen which is were they will be weaned but the grass is so high in there and I don't have the rest of the fencing done so all the sheep are in there but they have eaten most of it down already so we are trying to get the other pasture fence done. We have all of the wooden posts put in along the yard so today I am going to try to get wire up. We had one set back a huge cotton wood tree fell (2 of the three huge trunks) right where we were going to start putting in more posts. We cut on it one evening but still have more to go. This might take awhile.
28 feb - Star Club - Dresden, Germany
If you believe that this country succeeds when everyone gets a fair shot, when everyone does their fair share, when everyone plays by the same rules, then vote for me. I’m just as corrupt as my opponents, but I give better speeches.
Today is vacuuming day - I start with a thorough vacuuming on my second floor, I vacuum the steps and then I move downstairs. When I vacuum, I vacuum all the floors - tile, wood, and carpet. I also use the attachments as needed and get corners and crevices. I find that by doing this once a week, the floors look fresh and clean all week long (for the most part). And yes, I only vacuum the whole house once a week. I do occasionally do touch ups with the vacuum, broom, or sweeper. A great thing about this technique is that all the floors are prepped for tomorrow - Thursday - floor washing day.
Whatever decreases American jobs and depresses American wages takes money right out of your own pocket (even if your income is dividends, stock market gains, or rental income....).
If you can believe it, the thoughts that go through my mind are even more astronomical. But that's a post of a different color :)
Monday nights have come a long way from Bachelor Pad drama. With the return of DWTS, now it’s spray tans, crocodile tears and serious boob-shots. So…I’m sorry, maybe it hasnt really come that far!
she allowed one last tear to fall,
Now go out and get some chocolates for your loved one!
All signs were pointing to a great meal.
A few minutes later and after the woman had eaten the piece of rib with an air of delight, I approached her and I subtly asked her if she was aware of what had just done because I had heard moments before making deep critical to smokers who were present, with the justification that the result of their action was extremely detrimental to the health of others.
Things I don't know after this particular exercise - how many people will act on what they discovered about Samaritan's Purse's work, how much extra money we will raise and why the level of water in the bucket slowly disappeared.....!
There is no need for me to go into how this came about, it is simply a matter of selfish creature comfort taken to grotesque extremes, the python swallows the deer because he is hungry and has no idea what he is doing other than satisfying his urge. By this time, this time in the evolution of the human being animal, the spiteful power hungry have utterly lost any ability to relate to God and that is also not a surprise since the churches they attend reflect back to them the righteousness of their falsity. That war and war crimes are good and holy even, that economic superiority is necessary for the enrichment of their dogma and since the system as it presently exists is a supposedly established fact of life not to be questioned ever, but supported by aligning with the massive press of vainglorious authority for limitless expansion of more and greater deceit.
These were all entered into the challenges over at Crafters Digital Art Centre . Go check it out! Its really a whole lot of fun all in one place! I'm going back over there now because the new challenges starts today!
it has been ages since i came to these pages.
Have a great day! (and be nice to the Earth or you might end up fat, dependent on technology, and at the mercy of a giant megacorporation bent on world domination through consumerism...)
I absolutely love nature, and some of my favorite times in nature are when I actually come in contact with wildlife. Here is a list of my top 10 most memorable wildlife encounters, sort of in descending order.
Most American readers will be familiar with the Islamic charity known as the Holy Land Foundation, whose directors were convicted on one hundred and eight charges of terrorism financing in November 2008.
So building fires
08 Chuck
“Certainly, of course,” replied Rothmon. “Now let me see… this was an unofficial mission as I recall,” he said talking mostly to himself as he pulled some papers from a drawer and began pouring over them while flipping beads on his abacus. “Yes, hmmm… at first I supposed it might be a 1st or 2nd level mission, but in the end I was compelled to believe it was 3rd level after all, given the dangers. And you did complete the rescue and all the children of the Hagglesmith Horde were rescued. And you uncovered a long standing mystery and brought new revelations regarding Doctor Lobe to light. And as well, you made some interesting discoveries regarding the underground layout of Dunn’s Bridge and its link to the Five Crows Tavern. And not least of all you managed to help break up a kidnapping ring, and bring those villains to justice, two of whom sit in jail at this time, and one of whom died what I believe was a very unnatural death indeed. He was withered with old age on his left side, if I get the story straight… is that correct?”
You choose your path, but let me tell you, if you charge less for cretivity because "it's your angle"... you are screwing yourself and all the rest of us at our corner.
Anyhoo, I can see me and my Diagonal Insert are in for a long, happy, and fruitful relationship.
I finally (finally!) made more granola. This time with millet and dried cranberries instead of raisins. This granola has such a great mild not too sweet taste. I do 1/4-1/3 cup servings and get the most bang for my buck when combined with Greek Yogurt. Milk is good but I find myself hungry way sooner than when I have it with yogurt. I’m not the biggest fan of the consistency of greek yogurt but it really is satisfying and I’m not tempted to snack too much or too soon between meals.
And last, but not least, I'm so excited about this one. So this is Music Inspired By The Story. Basically the bible was taken and written into a book called The Story so it actually reads like one solid story. So various Christian artists came together to make this album including Natalie Grant, Mandisa, Bart Millard (Mercy Me), Mark Hall (Casting Crowns), Matthew West, Mac Powell, Jeremy Camp and many others (23 total). There are some awesome songs on this. So far my faves are "Alive" by Natalie Grant - all about Mary Magdalene and then "Born for This" by Mandisa, all about Esther. Ugh so good!
Among those who saw his video were FAA inspectors, who slapped him with an official letter complaining he took the video illegally because portable electronic devices must be turned off during “critical” phases of a flight, such as takeoffs, and can’t be used during an in-flight emergency.
Mary Strife at West Virginia University Library
I have never thought of myself as ugly, but I have always been overweight, and to be honest, I have questioned my attractiveness for the majority of my life. But this new-found commitment to lose weight was not in an effort to increase my attractiveness, my desire in all honesty was simple. I have back issues, and had been diagnosed with high blood pressure in the past. I’m not getting any younger. It was just time to get healthy…or at least time to get healthier than I was 20 pounds ago.
This past March for Americorp Week (March 10th-17th), I participated in two service events: one with City Year at Ryerson Elementary and one with my team service project group.
First try the garment on and pin out the excess fabric in a horizontal tuck, beginning at the CB and tapering to zero at the side seams:
* Please post a separate comment for each extra entry.
It is not clear whether economic hard times will finally force us to break the mad cycle of poverty and punishment. With even the official level of poverty increasing -- to over 14% in 2010 -- some states are beginning to ease up on the criminalization of poverty, using alternative sentencing methods, shortening probation, and reducing the number of people locked up for technical violations like missing court appointments. But others, diabolically enough, are tightening the screws: not only increasing the number of 'crimes,' but charging prisoners for their room and board, guaranteeing they'll be released with potentially criminalizing levels of debt.
s - sun
All of the food was edible. We had no DDT sprayed chicken! The days of shooting at a dinner table were made easier with oil lights from Firelight Glass –– not having to worry about candle continuity was a real pleasure. The table came from Made of New York and was magnificent. I wanted a table with a lot of character to offset the shine of the dishes. The table is made from wood from old NYC buildings and is a hundred years old or more.
The older Margareta promised the little girl that she would never neglect or leave her. As Margareta danced, she whispered out loud to herself, "I cannot stop or save you from the hardships of life, but I want to be with you, and I hope you will be with me in my hardships, okay? We need each other." The two agreed to meet often. She hoped the man hadn't overhead her promise to herself.
"Any girl that I know does NOT look that clean. Except my girlfriend."
If you grab the top of the popcorn and pull (like you're about to grab a big 'ole handful of buttery goodness), an inner card pops out!
Always afraid of rejection and dejected
The final game was against a mates Legion force, now going into this game I had some reservations as I have played his legion force on many different occasions and each time I have had my army handed to me on a plate after it had been destroyed. This game was no different the fury management ability of legion is insane there was fury appearing everywhere.
For the record, shaking up a beer while you run is not recommended. It gets very foamy, and makes you feel very bloated. Anyhow, with Tricia's injury, we knew the second half of the race might be a bit more relaxed. We ran the first 7, and then started instituting walk breaks. This is where it was kind of nice to relax for a minute, take a sip of carbs, and just generally chit-chat and enjoy the day. There was still way more running that walking, and I was super proud of Tricia for toughing it out despite being only trained up to 6 miles post-injury.
9:Mark Trumbo- 2 home runs in 5 ab’s against Liriano.
Must be something in that, Jessica thought ruefully. Ellen was promoted to assistant manager after only one month at the new store. She was a far cry from the badly dressed, nervous fourteen year old she'd been when they first met in high school.
Awaiting your answer,
‘I do, too.’ I smiled at him, feeling something plop inside me when I looked into the light-brown eyes of his. Like a bubble bursting, I think. A bubble of sheer happiness, love, and promise of a better future. It was completely impossible not to cry at a moment like this, so I guess the tears that had gathered beneath my eyelids weren’t that big a problem.
And don't give up!
FB: Wouldn’t this mean that these problems that white people suffer from are basically self-inflicted?
Example 4:
Paris sometimes reminds me of a bad relationship. There are reasons to stay in these toxic situations, and as many reasons to leave them.
The pics weren't added until a couple months later as I had a hard time finding something that worked. The pics were $10 each from Kitchen Stuff Plus and weighed next to nothing so the pics are actually hanging with push pins.
I got this recipe from a church friend. These are sooo good. I first thought they wouldn't be, but oh man, was I wrong. Soft, moist, flavorful but not overwhelming. I crave this weekly... they. are. amazing.
So. The author of this book? Not the kind of guy I want to hang out with. He's made some public remarks that I do not think are okay. At all. (Google it if you want to know.) But I do think the book is amazing and creative and disturbing in a good way, and it got me into reading sci-fi when I was younger, so I'm still recommending it.
Swan-white of heart, a sphinx no mortal knows,
Today is also the day you can finally have a look at 4th issue of Whimsy Inspirations Magazine - and seriously, it would be SO worth your time to check it out. Ideas and talent and tutorials galore!!
I’ve dreamed about her last nite, we’re talked in English and she’s pretty master it *it’s really surprised me that she’s fluent talk in English*, and sometimes i used my fuckin japanese to her *and she just gave me her lovely pretty smile*. We’ve been chatting in one tall building, and we could see a Tokyo tower from the inside.
So you had an argument with your better half / parents / friends? You've been having a financial stress? Dealing with health issues? Problems at work?
Adding links to websites, adding links to social media, adding links to twitter. Just add them. Even if you are linking back to your website, your blog, Facebook, at the bottom of the content you are linking, make sure to link your purchase sites, your other social media sites or you primary website.
You may Gulp or go on to Swallow
Please feel free to leave your thoughts below.
Me: "SON! WHEN WAS THE LAST TIME YOU BATHED?"
* What inspired you to write A Most Improper Magick?
And she sings a funny song.
Laugh and cry at the Guardian's report of the test for publishers and agents set by David Lassman, director of the Jane Austen Festival. He typed out Jane's books, changing only the names, and submitted them as new manuscripts and all he received back were polite rejections.
There is a lot of confusion about how many excess cancer deaths will likely result from the 1986 Chernobyl accident in Ukraine. As we see below, 70,000 and 35,000 are reasonable estimates of the number of excess cancers and cancer deaths attributable to the accident.
And of course anyone who wants to host a Meg related giveaway can.
Last night I stayed up reading till 4am again (I was finishing a book and had got to the’ I can put it down now stage’ – unfortunately the book was King’s ‘The Dome’ so that stage came with still an normal sized novel of pages behind it) I closed the book – having read the last page of the acknowledgements (Reading King’s comments are sometimes even better then the book itself) and got up to go to bed.
In the cold light of day, back here at work, it seems silly that I felt as paranoid as did last night. I mean, I literally barricaded the side entrance to the house and had my heaviest cricket bat at my side! The flatmate Masher went to bed with his golf clubs but, to be honest, he's been doing that every night since he got his brand new set last week.
just as I had thought he would first react.
Only by optimizing, without having anything less!
Now she's starting to sound like a kettle boiling.
I did get a little crafting done the day after Christmas. I've had this box for a year and I knew what I wanted to do with it as soon as I got it, but I just hadn't taken the time. It was painted blue and cream and had light houses painted all over it. So I took it to the garage and painted the oval box white and the lid a flat black.
I treated the water with CRS and DLS to get the levels just right.
Amidst a devouring smog of fatal gloom, he created,
I dunno about you, but my head's not going to be mounted in someone's den without a fight.
TY: How do you deal with rejection?
So, plan B: We decided to run the switch down a different wall near the toilet where it could be hidden in a shelf.
Benefits of Hiring Builders Online
In winter, it gets dark very fast – around 5pm the sun is almost down. Remember the time and keep warm.
For my memoir class I had to write a final paper: a memoir of sorts about writing a memoir. The results were a bit interesting. Here’s what I learned, but in blog form:
4. Frosty The Snowman by Jimmy Durante
interior makeover show "Querido, Mudei a Casa." Her style is so exquisite and bright, but it isn't at all stuffy and maintains a sense of fun. To me, her designs seem to smile.
I believe this idea of being able to re-program the brain keeps the responsibility of recovery on the addicts, while also giving them active hope. Addiction as an incurable disease is a depressing premise. Addiction as a reversible set of programming is an open invitation to a new way of living. And it doesn't make me roll my eyes when I hear it the way I do when someone tells me "alcoholism is a disease just like cancer is a disease." Is that so? Then how come I don't see cancer patients driving their cars into telephone poles after they take their medicine?
So, just be careful out there that you don't do too much, and that you can figure out how to keep up with everything, even if all of it is fun. :)
Yes, just try me out
1 1/4 cups fine cornmeal
And today, we went to breakfast, walked the dog (I'm dogsitting), went to the Museum of Jurassic Technology, and saw the best baby in the world.
There will be no need for prayer—
Given the information I have produced thus far, I think it is fair to surmise that the Rothschilds' allegiance was not to Britain, but rather to furthering their own interests, and the Zionist cause. The latter is certainly something Victor did, at least according to Roland Perry:
Did you miss me? I missed you.
There are other places that really good for inspiration. I like going to poetry readings, they are perticully really good for creative flow. I like to hear the rythmn of someones voice. When people talk its soothing. my friend Andrew recites alot of poetry and stuff outloud and when he does that, its not that I am not listening its that the sound of his voice makes me write. It’s not just his voice, its anyones voice. It could be a song. I like jazz music personally. Nora Jones, Adele, some slow Carrie Underwood are my favorites the write to. When I am out and I write I need to have other sounds around me. I can’t just write in a silent room. In my writing class I had to do that. my productivness of that class wasn’t very well because I was writing in a silent class room. I think next semester I am going to ask if I could use my ipod while I write.
Of all the hotel rooms rented by all the adulterous politicians in Chicago, female Assistant U.S. Attorney Cameron Lynde had to choose the one next to 1308, where some hot-and-heavy lovemaking ends with a death. And of all the FBI agents in Illinois, it had to be Special Agent Jack Pallas who gets assigned to this high-profile homicide. The same Jack Pallas who still blames Cameron for a botched crackdown three years ago- and for nearly ruining his career.
“Gertrude Stein was herself a major collaborator with the Vichy regime and a supporter of its pro-Nazi leadership.”
2.)
When we acknowledge our sin and confess, He forgives and protects. He is our hiding place; our new shelter. We have been scraped clean. Our foundation is new and nothing, nothing will rock the Foundation of the Lord. Welcome to your new Home.
On a related subject, it’s long been my view that there is a gap in the mainstream beer market for a premium lager of around 5.5-6.0% ABV. However, for the same reasons, no major brewer would touch this with a bargepole for fear of denting their image of social responsibility. To some extent the Polish imports like Tyskie and Zywiec fill this niche, but there’s nothing brewed in this country. In a sense, when it was 5.2%, that little extra kick was a major selling point for Stella. A couple of years ago, the much-trailed launch of the 5.5% Stella Black was pulled, and the name was later used for a weaker “premium” brand extension which now seems to have died the death.
I Made These Ribbon & Lace Roses While Surfing You Tube Last Night Looking for Altered Paper Clips For Kim's Paper Digital Art & Images Group Challenge.
These days, I very own some sort of Samsung Galaxy II having Android 2.3.3. I traded this kind of with an i phone 2G : did not consider I previously could, however i do. I think just like a traitor and also don’t believe Let me be able to receive over this sort of feeling to get a long, long time. I need to confess nevertheless, I love the actual Samsung Galaxy II due to the outstanding colour (have always loved Samsung phones just for this credit), it is remarkable touch screen rate, it’s actually thinness as well as lightness understanding that it can some sort of much better work simply by replicating iPhone’s ideas topped that has a variety of Android Applications which are totally free! (At this point, at this point I am aware Android is definitely offered in several other brand names associated with phones as well).
$20 - 5 entries
But, the main purpose of re-visiting this brew is to replace the Bobek hops. Although part of the trio that made up Styrian Goldings , I didn't like the flavour when used individually for the first time in the last brew. This time I'll be using Savinjski as the late hop and I'll be interested to see how it differs.
I have so far to go. I make mistakes. My self-esteem is shattered and I don’t earn a living income. I struggle every day to make healthy choices and often fail. But I have a vision. I CAN be a good father. I CAN be healthy – physically and mentally. I CAN work and earn a living. While I have huge self-doubt I know that in three to six months I can get where I need to get to. I AM being a good father and I AM being healthy. Now I need to sort out the work piece and stay sober. I can do this. I have to. It has to be my path forward.
But it's getting tired, and weary of holding back the mighty dam!
We are still working on finishing a few details in this room, window treatments, pillows and a couple of other things, but you can bet I'll be sharing the full "after" once it is done, so stay tuned!
One of the parents admit that he knows that his son is using drugs. He said, (my son) is a social user but not an addict. It’s no big deal.
1 1/2 tsp pepper
Strap with 22cm drop.
I love that damn squirrel…ahem.
“I am sorry I could not tell you that either, Sam. I have been on loan from the Italian State Police to COCOA for three years now. Angelina and I are part of a team that has been tracking a number of hardline underground chocolate groups for the past five years,” explained Juniper.
Imagine your students meeting a real fire safety dog!
Basically I mixed an adequate amount of ricotta with honey (mmm), cooked the fritters and topped them basil pesto then plated it all up.
The fire service was alerted at 11.27am on that morning and four units from Leixlip and Maynooth fire services were sent to the scene. There were several thousand secondary school students on the campus at that time for an open day and they stood with staff and under-graduates in shock and disbelief,as the restaurant was destroyed.
The University of North Carolina - School of the Arts students (my son in white) performed "The Black Parade" last night on campus. It is a dark show, about a young man who dies of cancer and this is his journey to death.... his death evokes his strongest memory which comes in the form of a parade or marching band... The young man "The Patient" replays his memories of his life... (or something like that)
Músicas:
I can’t wait to go back to Galway in early August…
When did “safety first” creep into the top spot on the priority list of our national parenting consciousness? If you’re a parent now, chances are your parents left you in the car while they ran into the post office, and you babysat three or four neighbor kids by the time you were twelve. Most moms today wouldn’t think of leaving infants or toddlers with seventh graders, even though THEY were seventh graders 20 years ago who managed not to maim the little ones in their care. Is it because we didn’t “know” how dangerous all those activities were, we didn’t think twice about doing them?
Maybelline Instant Age Rewind Eraser Concealer in Fair
she'd love the smell of lush green ...
I started this blog soon after I found out I was pregnant with our daughter, Hannah. Since then Eric and I have had a lot of growing up to do, and some stretching of our relationship, some really hard moments and some excellent ones too.
In the words of Highlander, there can be only one! However how do we know if there is only One out there for us, or if, when it comes to meeting the one that there is more than one person out there?
I hope everyone has enjoyed following PatriotCast so far. It has been a year since I signed up for my personal Twitter account and eight months since I registered the PatriotCast account. In that time I have noticed many other historical Twitter accounts and some that even reenact historical events in real-time. I am glad to see so many others are “retweeting” history. I created a directory of these other historical twitter accounts. Let me know if I am missing any and I can update the list.
Immigration Minister Jason Kenney said Mulcair and Rae are wrong.
In his message he expressed regret for not being there for me when I was growing up. The fact that he felt the need to apologize for something so thoroughly out of his control pulled on my heart strings and brought me to tears. He could have fought to be in my life IF he had had any money to speak of and IF he had been a legal citizen at the time. As it was, he was in no position to do anything about it, and I believe my mother had the right to want to move on with her life as well. I have zero blame to lay at the feet of either of my parents. It wouldn't be fair. Everyone deserves a chance to move beyond the past and apologies are wholly unnecessary. What matters is what happens now.
I support The Trevor Project. I'm an ally.
Day 236 – Ken here (W)(5-5-2010)
Vickie wrote a thoughtful response to LZ's piece, "LZ Granderson Needs a Hug. He's having a tantrum." Vickie reminds us what it's like to be a child and she points out something that came to my mind when I was reading LZ Granderson's original piece:
The goal in genocidal rape is not merely to hurt people. Much less is the goal simply to have sex. Group destruction is the goal. Sexual violence is not simply some ancillary tool to this goal. Indeed, because of the peculiar nature of rape and sexual torture, it is particularly suited to genocide. In war, the destructive effects of rape are largely beside the point. In genocide, the destruction is the point.
He created a day of rest for you and me. It’s a reminder that the universe can exist without our involvement and labor. It’s a re-ordering of our perspective, so that we remember it is God who is essential and not us.
And finally, this is a community idea. We stand even now as those who have already inherited the kingdom of light. We already share in that blessing and we stand together. We are strengthened. We are qualified. We share in the kingdom. Maybe it would be a good idea for the church, for the saints, to celebrate the community aspect of our faith more often. I don’t mean in a superficial, and merely Sunday morning, kind of way, but an always, everyday, praying, encouraging, suffering kind of way. The practice of Christian faith must come alive and stop being stagnant. We share in the Kingdom of Light. The Kingdom of light is visible not only to the world around us, but also to one another.
a funny thing happened on the way to the bahamas...
At the age of 16, Judith met William Campbell, a minor contract player through her sister Jackie who had started a movie career under the name of Susan Morrow. They married when Judith turned 18 in 1952, but the marriage was over by 1958. Judith claimed in her autobiography that Campbell cheated on her repeatedly, which he denies. Whatever the case, Judith was footloose and fancy free and indulging in the single life that she felt that she had been denied by marrying so young. With an inheritance from her grandmother and her alimony, Judith was free to spend her days getting ready for her nights out on the town.
Anyhow, and after way, way, way too much introduction, Felix the Cat:
Andrew handled the change in feeding well this time (when they moved the tube last week he was spitting/throwing up and was so constipated that he couldn't move anything through his system). He finally worked out his constipation issues, and is back to "normal" now - including a few blowouts! We took advantage of the fine nursing staff to handle those!
-I am sad that Cooper won't get to have the memories me and the girls have
I should note that there ARE actually a lot of bands out there who release some quality stuff in this genre, seemingly coming from nowhere – but you can tell that a lot of new bands coming right now simply haven’t got “it”.
So it’s an uphill battle all week. A guy can’t win.
The Year of the Diamond Dogs
I told her my sister works in Angers, and I also mentioned the tiny village of Morannes where my sister and her husband are living. Fabienne happens to live only 15 kilometers from there...
A Polish Heart… Darrin is an architect in Boston. His parents are rich and society focused. His mother is pushing for him to get married, but to someone she deems acceptable, not necessarily someone he wants. He has earned a trip to Poland to collaborate on a stadium project. His interpreter is Sofia who works for the construction company in Warsaw. They both feel an attraction to the other. Darrin only has a week and wants to make the best of their time together. Sofia doesn’t want her heart broken and insists on keeping things as friends only. He asks her out. Her father wants to meet him and Darrin obliges. He apparently did everything right, because her parents love him. The more time he spends with Sofia and her family, the more he considers staying in Poland. Her family life is the exact opposite of his…something he has always desired. He wants to stay for Easter, but his mother is pressuring him to return home. He is “inconveniencing” her and her plans. After working through a couple snags with his current job and finding employment in Poland, he is able to stay and pursue things with Sofia.
and best of all for most exciting,
Is it dark enough?
Do the mixing bit just before you serve, as it also heats up the chicken wings in the process.
hearts as one
E: What is next from Gaoler’s Daughter?
● “For Your Consideration” with Blythe featurette
Katrina and the ensuing collapse of schools, home life and other support structures likely played a role, says Lance Hill, executive director of the New Orleans-based Southern Institute for Education and Research, who has tracked crime trends. Children displaced by the floods returned with their families to a wrecked city, bounced from school to school and lacked mental health professionals to help them through the trauma, he says.
The maples in the foreground are losing the last of their leaves in the winds and rain. Right before I took this photo, big drifting sheets of fog moved between us and the mountainside...which made me wish I could send you a video (if I knew how).
Constantly during his two terms, President George W. Bush was accused of ignoring our returning Veterans, not providing them with the adequate care they needed through the Veterans Administration, even accused of only giving “grossly substandard and unsanitary medical care” to our Wounded Warriors at Walter Reed Hospital in 2007.
Minister is eager to achieve so why the talk of not following due
My group left just a bit later at 7:20 and drove to Marzoni's in Duncansville. Bill was brewing a batch of Avalanche IPA today and we arrived in time to see the transfer of the mash liquor to the brew kettle. Bill graciously and patiently answered several questions from the students, gave them a tour of the facilities, and then took us to the bar for a sampling of the Marzoni's lineup. Today's specials were the Scotch Ale and a great Maibock. After the sampling, several students took turns raking grain out of the mash tun.
immortal - The Bottom Lounge, Chicago, IL USA ( 22.02.2011) 2 DVD
They turned out SO pretty!
The people around you will almost always mirror what they see in you, and so...being positive has great consequences. It's amazing what you learn when you have a room full of toddlers in your daycare :)
A dry crackle emerged from the trail to my right, and I immediately followed the sound. This far into the forest it was darker, the only light filtered through evergreens and fog. I looked back. The vapor had closed in behind me, obscuring the pathway like a curtain of white. Shivering
Video dead ahead.
From Cruddas’ point of view, he was faced with people who were considering donating, and wanted to know what, if any, advantages a donation might bring.
Marley nodded. “It’s the right thing to do.”
The categories were (in brackets is the number of boys’ names and girls’ names in each category):
I'm no Twitter expert and have never claimed to be. That being said, I always have plenty of ideas about what works and doesn't work in social networking, primarily because I use it.
At first, she doesn't come across as very likeable; in fact when we meet her, she is being thrown out of the house by her mother for being rude and obnoxious. And she does seem to me rather young for her age; more like a fourteen-year-old. But you have to be sixteen to play the lottery and that's the donnée of the book.
I saw this on Amandalandish blog and thought it might be fun to do. Maybe I will get more followers. If you see more than 5 answers that you and I both agree on, then share my blog with someone who follows you! Thanks!
And children benefit from being recognized by name in an embracing community, even chatted with by people of all ages. This helps them to become comfortable with their place in community. They belong. What could contribute better than a church picnic to their healthy social development in a positively Christian setting?
Then the perky Irish instructor comes in with her little blonde pony tale and fit, toned body. I hated her at first sight. Then the class began. 55 minutes of hell. Stand up, sit down! I felt like I was at church. After the first 10 minutes I was praying to god like I was in church!
I have met people recently who have lived in an apartment for up to 4 years at a time! 4 years! Can you even imagine? I have friends who are looking to buy their first house and I get this panic feeling in my chest even trying to think about being tied down to something that large! That is commitment and a half. I had a hard time committing to a bed frame and my own mattresses. Imagine me trying to commit to a HOUSE. You can't load that in the back of the truck every few months.
“Oh but how old friends are acting strange
In other news, yesterday was a day for submissions. So...many...submissions. Too, I wrote, edited and submitted a 5000 word daemon-mummy story ("The Unwrapping Party"), something which I do NOT recommend, even if you're as big a fan of daemon-mummies as I am.
I really WANT to write a big ol' long post about the cool trip to Washington, D.C. I just took with a friend and all of the fun stuff we got to do and see and all of the WONDERFUL food we got to eat and how we saw real, honest-to-goodness rain while we were there and how traveling well together is an art form and how much the D.C. Metro system made me long for something useful and practical like that in Austin. But I can't. Not right now, anyway. Work has been steadily pissing me off and kicking my ass since I walked in the door yesterday, and there are no signs of it letting up any time soon.
Happy shopping! *waves fan
Introduce snack: What did the disciples see when Jesus left? (A cloud hid Him from their view.)
When Jesus cries out to the Father, saying “glorify your name” – it makes it clear that nothing we can possibly do can bring Glory to the Father – rather it is our submission to him that he uses to bring glory to his name. Consider all the hard work, all sweat and tears, all the discipline that has moved you closer to the goal set before you – as not truly giving Glory to God – unless you ask and submit it all to the Father. Even more difficult to imagine – the Father saying – not right now – the time is not right to bring Glory…. To let the King shine through you – you must be willing to be broken. Without brokenness – you have it all together and there are not cracks from which the light can shine. This is not a call to sin in order to create cracks – see Romans 6 – rather it calls us to embrace healing that begins with discovering our brokenness. It is this brokenness that most challenges our concept of advancement. We work so hard to do the very best we can – that it is quite contrary that it is brokenness which actually advances the Kingdom most clearly.
Darling Nikki
‘Our self-publishing process has been designed by a team of book industry professionals to make the experience as accessible, convenient, and affordable as possible’
I scrolled through the printed sheet of paper,found the-against-the-flow one,sealed the envelop and followed the democratic ritual under the horrified glances of the supervising committee.
O frabjous day! Callooh! Callay! On Friday, the long-anticipated event finally arrived. An occasion so dazzling that the streets leading to the swanky Taj Palace venue were decked in banners, the tickets for the 950 participants cost US$1,200 (I had somehow sneaked in free under the auspices of an amiably evil industrial lobby group, who seemed to believe I belonged to an unspecified embassy), and Manmohan Singh himself was turning up for the opening… Yes: the 7th Asia Gas Partnership Summit!!!!!
Why do we all hide our underwear in our clothes when we go to those appointments?
(a whole lotta spendin' money)
Courtesy Paula Deen
Start a blog about your bargains into wares. Maybe you buy and sell old cars, books, music, garage sale finds, kitchen appliances, furniture. Whatever your specialty, share your adventures. Maybe this could be a blog that accompanies your eBay or other account and helps potential buyers learn more about your products.
And watch what happens to your body, your surroundings, the people you come in contact with.
Handling of the East Pakistan issue at the International level, too, was a fiasco on our part. Not that we did not mobilise any world opinion in our favour, we on the contrary rather alienated them mostly. On the other hand Indira undertook a whirlwind tour of 19 countries in October 1971 propagating the imaginary atrocities against the Bengalis and particularly the Hindus of East Pakistan and yet assuring each one of them that India had no intentions of aggression. Ironically, while she was convincing and canvassing the world powers, her army’s Eastern Command was giving the final touches to the Attack Plan in Fort William at the eastern bank of river Hoogli, Calcutta.
Her improvement was brief, however. When she returned for a regular appointment with her doctor in Huntsville on July 18, her breathing, swallowing, and speaking had become seriously impaired. He said she needed to return immediately to her transplant doctors at Vanderbilt for more attention. At Vanderbilt, the doctors were still puzzled and concerned that she was worse, rather than improved. By this time she needed oxygen, and things were beginning to look quite serious. At almost the last minute, Becky’s travel to the dish convention had to be cancelled because she really had become unable to travel safely.
Clearly Paul’s belief that most people just want to be left alone doesn’t perform too well according to our criteria.
cautiously approach him. They wear grubby cloaks and
Joel Levey (Author), Michelle Levey
Last, I feathered in a hint of the R83 to his ears. I made sure his face was dry then I added the little pink cheeks by dabbing with the brush end straight up and down a few times until it pushed the darker colors out of the way. If you do this while the face is still wet you'll get softer cheeks.
The flowers are in a clear, crisp-edged, lucite container (actually a wine cooler, but it does double duty as a vase). The peacock plumes are in vintage Fostoria "American" footed vases. The pattern was intoduced in 1915, but I think of it as a modern design, with its sparkling, cubist motif.
What he loves about the Windows 7.5 Phone — the tiles in the interface.
You know it's one of the first nice days of the year when every single blade of grass at every park is covered with people looking for some Vitamin D!
It may be exaggerating to say my life changed forever that day but in a way it did. That first episode had me addicted right away. I had never seen any other show like it. Everything about it was different: the real-time concept, the race against time, the boxes, the edge-of-your-seat tension, the music, the wonderful writing and acting and of course Jack Bauer himself, Kiefer Sutherland who was the core and heart and soul of 24.
All of the previously mentioned should be in one file, hopefully named whatever the title of your project is and stored in at least two separate hard drives.
before somersaulting backwards...
Hope you find time to play along!
When he was age five, his mother fell down a flight of stairs with Eric in her arms. Hoffer went blind for unknown medical reasons two years later, at the age of seven. His mother did not recover and died in that second year after the fall. After his mother’s death he was raised by a live-in relative or servant, a German woman. His eyesight inexplicably returned when he was 15. Fearing he would again go blind, he seized upon the opportunity to read as much as he could for as long as he could. His eyesight remained, and Hoffer never abandoned his habit of voracious reading.
Canadian Plains Indians, the Innu, were moved by government into specially built estates. The Innu were effectively forcibly transformed into Canadians, just as Britons are being forcibly transformed into ‘citizens of the world’. Like us, the Innu are having their past erased and are being offered nothing for the future – despair has set in, as it is setting in on Britain’s sink estates. One important difference is that the Innu have been dispossessed by a different ethnic group(Canadian Globalists), whereas we are being dispossessed by our own elected representatives(British Globalists). In many young Innu, their deculturation manifests in drug and alcohol abuse and petty crime. More and more of Britain’s young people are similarly aimless, lacking in self-respect, without tradition or a sense of being part of something. Many of them have likewise started to prey on their own people. There have always been people at the bottom of the pile, but they used to develop within a cultural tradition to which they belonged, albeit peripherally. Most Young people do not misbehave out of endemic wickedness, but because they have been decultured. Thanks to a combination of social, cultural, political and now environmental pressures, many young people in this country have been effectively estranged from Englishness, severed from civilizing structures that their ancestors could take for granted. Buildings need to develop from traditions and renew those traditions with the sense of familiarity to helping civilise young people and minimise the viscious crimes we now have.
Mike Rowe is at the top of his game when he's just on the streets talking with people. Ford knew this and signed him on as their brand ambassador, giving a relatable, credible face to a strong automotive company with a weary future.
I'm still stoked that I don't have school. Or anything I have to read. Or study. Or use my brain for. Love it.
We filled out some more papers and talked to the psychologist about the emotional toll IVF can have on us personally as well as a couple. Overall the Dude and I have talked in length about most things she brought up and are feeling confident in each other and the program.
I'll update you all on what happens next, but, trust me, had I known their customer service policy was this shitty I wouldn't have accepted the phone.
Clean rabbit’s littler box. Pet rabbit. Feed rabbit some greens and a carrot.
As a base I used wonderful polish from Avon called Violetta Sparkle. It's violet-purple polish with tiny golden flecks that add the dressy feeling neccesary for New Year's Celebration.
I like the idea of doing this with small gifts as well, and am thinking that next year, if I'm really on it, November can be spent making advents for all the families we know. If you have ten families, you need to bake a dozen each of a few kinds of cookies, buy a set of small forest animals and paint them with glitter, a box of individually wrapped chocolates to divvy up, print out some friendship notes and curl them up into a vial or tiny box, a few decks of cards maybe from the dollar store, handmade tree ornaments... there are literally so many small objects that would be fun to put in a basket or box, each wrapped individually (make sure you put the individual cookies into wrapping, bags or containers that will keep them fresh) and with numbered tags on them. The family can pick a person each day to open something. So much more special than the cardboard and cheap chocolate things that you see everywhere.
I have just finished a little skirt I made for my little girl out of what I think was a boob tube. It is only age 11-12 which is why I am unsure. Do they make boob tubes for 11 year old girls? I guess it could've been a skirt but it had no elastic around the top. Hmm.
I have so many thoughts that run through my head regarding Luke. It is so hard for me to swallow this PDD-NOS pill. Why??? I see his twin sister that has no struggles. She can answer the WH questions without any thought. She can have social conversations without problems. She can sit still and listen easily. Why can't Luke? I so wish they were identical on that part...who wants to see their baby struggle. Not me! I hate that he has to work so hard to be a "typical" 4 year old. I am so grateful for all the things that he is good at. He gets excited to see me and cries when I leave. He gives the best hugs and kisses. His cuddles are the BEST. He says the ABC's with such character. Loves counting with team Umi Zoomie on Nick JR. Enjoys singing twinkle twinkle little star for whoever will listen. Never meets a stranger. Always makes sure his sister has and gets the same thing he has.
Another band we already had on the last issue are The Tremors. Here's one of their 45s. "Little Liza Jane" was one of Fats Domino's minor hits, and is more familiar in the version David Bowie made in 64 as Davie Jones & The King Bees. +++
b. The seven articles of Constitutional power.
The Gallup poll also indicates that more stay-at-home moms tend to have a lower over-all education level in addition to a lower over-all economic level. This is definitely NOT to say that stay-at-home moms are incapable of either. However, I firmly believe that it’s a compound problem: Some moms start with a lower level of education (no degree), meaning that they are not able to find high-paying work outside the home. Because they can’t find high-paying work, they are not afforded the realistic choice to work outside the home, since the cost of child care is roughly equal to or higher than the income that she could gain at her level.
9. My mother taught me about CONTORTION-ISM.
After an evangelistic meeting a lady approached D.L. Moody with this question, “If you were threatened with death unless you denied Jesus Christ could you continue to praise Him?” His surprising answer was “No, but when the time comes He will give me the strength to do so.” You cannot know the magnitude of Hi grace until you have to or want to claim it.
TOMORROW: La Mission
She wants to feel emotionally close or connected: start the foreplay outside the bedroom. Rave about the great donuts at the office today. Sharing something upbeat about your day strengthens your relationship. Talking and listening helps maintain emotional intimacy.
The Weather… Again
Paul Garner has a BSc in Environmental Sciences and is a Fellow of the Geological Society of London. He is currently part of an international research team investigating the origin of the Coconino Sandstone of central and northern Arizona.
I've also ordered:
Happy Spring!! Ok, so I know that Spring is technically NOT here until the 21st, but when North Dakota is getting RAIN instead of SNOW and ABOVE freezing temps, it calls for a celebration!! The 21st marks the first day of Spring, and I will be having another jewelry party on the 26th!! I'm looking forward to bringing out some of my new *SPRING Collection* and then....if I don't sell everything....putting it online! ;-D I believe we're all ready for the birds to fly home, delicate buds to bloom, and the gentle smells of the earth being awoken again after a long, cold Winter. I can't wait for the grass to appear, to bask in the warmth of the Sun and to enjoy the new season! Ecclesiastes 3:1 "To every thing there is a season, and a time to every purpose under the heaven"
This latest information comes from a series of reports and leaks from official Russian spokesmen and government news agencies who say that an Israeli attack is all but certain by the summer.
Three drizzly, cooped-up days passed that left Izzy and Hen with nothing to do but help unpack boxes. The worst part was that all but five of Izzy’s precious books were travelling by flat-rate post, and wouldn’t arrive for at least another week. She read and reread those five until she had memorized every sentence. Just when the boredom reached a level that made her think she’d rather go to school than spend another day with nothing happening – something
As always, you can use any images you would like, but Jellypark gets you an extra entry into the contest for Top 3. please link directly to your post and limit your entries to 2. have fun playing with the colors!
It’s no secret that I’m a stubborn bitch. I’m a Taurus so I’m very bullheaded. When I’m right I’m right. You have to PROVE me wrong. Sure I know I need to be compromising in a relationship, & I am (I think?). But you need to be compromising too. If you’re really bullheaded then we’re going to clash. A lot.
"Yesterday upon the stair
S: Erm, ok… So tell me; how did we do with the community leaders?
transport needs and recreation. This
Some travelers aren’t scared off by the idea of never having heard about a place. For example, if you want to spend some time in the Great Smoky Mountains hiking and fishing, why not let price be the guide? Choose an affordable rental and look at the journey to get there as an adventure. Some of the most affordable rentals are often the ones that take a little bit of extra effort to reach.
c) 14
09. Dedicated (Funkmaster Flex Remix)
* parents are pretty much expected to turn up, I get the impression you get a black mark against your name if you don't make it to most if not all, and yes, there is more than 1 per term - double joy.
Two men took Rook’s arms and two took her legs and they swung her back and forth like a pendulum in front of the fire.
and the eyes of my people blacker than embers,
Something struck me in the National Statistics Office's definition of family:
This weeks challenge is to release the stress through your art. Find some inspiration through the song posted. Maybe you too are saddened by friends you know going through a difficult time as well. You can dig deep, or touch on something simple.
I used a holiday token by Tim Holtz from Retro Cafe in the center, and tied it using some twine. I added some of the paper I dyed using my Copic re-inkers on the right hand side. To see a tutorial of how I got the texture you can click here. I added some text that was from an old Christmas pageant program that I bought at a library sale. I thought it was appropriate since I imagined that one of those ladies had journeyed far to celebrate Christmas with her friend someplace warm.
I feel I need to explain why I've been so quiet here for the past 8 months.
Follow me here on Blogger
That attitude needs an about-turn.
formu- lating for the past several weeks. Carpe diem.
The label for the button placed over the background shape.
Has life always been like this? Has it always been the case that you simply can’t trust people? Do I dream of a Golden Age which has never truly existed and could never really exist?
But even if you’ve never blogged, you can understand the very different feelings evoked from a correction delivered with kindness and one delivered with an undertone of meanness (not to speak of overt meanness, which is not uncommon either, unfortunately). Lynn’s is a good story to keep in the back of your mind as you give feedback to your team members. It will remind you to deliver criticism in a way that doesn’t undermine their self-esteem or morale.
“No,” he shakes his head to me, “we won’t start with her death. I will start with her life, before she married that man. We will start back when she was Marion Elmsworth.”
If you're utterly desperate for mp3 fun while I'm gone - and in particular, festive orientated mp3 fun - well, you're spoilt for choice.
The tree was screaming.
Marley looked away, suddenly the pizza cloyed at his stomach and the lure of money dissipated in his conscience. Coming here had been a bad idea. A stupid idea. In one simple observation Piper had shown how ill fit Marley was for this business. How ill fit Marley was for Washington Heights. What was Piper playing at? Why bring him here to postulate his weaknesses?
"No, it wasn't. Killing never is."
Happy Monday lovelies!
1/2 cup + 3 tablespoons sugar
“Rothman, sir, I believe we have concluded the Hagglesmith mission, and so I would like to collect my reward, whatever it may be,” said Hermel politely.
“Well, to be honest, it was Jinx I was angry with because he was scratching the wallpaper.” That was another lie, but at it was at least a believable explanation. Jinx was not bothered by these accusations and continued his snooze. Lisa’s father finally realised that she didn’t want to tell him anything.
Occupation: Teenage troublemaker; held various jobs as a teen (e.g., worked at a car garage and pet store). He became a building contractor as an adult.
It actually is older than soldier son and he is 32.
There’s no doubt in the fact that both of them are great leaders. But who is a better captain depends upon what parameters one uses to judge a captain. If one thinks a captain is judged by the number of wins, then Dhoni is undoubtedly the winner. But if a captain is judged by the the decisions he takes on and off the field, then there’s no one near Dada.
And I am going to pull a two-fer here, because I can't pick one without the other: Ann Kingman and Michael Kindness from Books on the Nightstand. Maybe they would announce their decision as a podcast? At any rate, their damn infectious positivity is a key part of my podcasting routine and I know they are fans of the Tournament of Books.
The Fabaceae family has many important uses. The seeds contain large amounts of protein and oil, which are healthy for the human body (Figure 2). Some herbs are grown for their grain, while others are grown to be consumed by farm animals. There are also many species in this family that are used for decoration due to their bright colors and unique shapes!
WEBSITE:
I wish we had a video of walking in the door with her- you would have thought Lily had been gone for days or had open heart surgery the way our kids bombarded her with hugs and kisses.
strong cup of sky--
Myself and 2 little ones. 9 months and 18 months. We spent a lot of time cuddled on the sofa singing action rhymes and reading books and a little bit of Peek a boo!!
Alex showed some fire and intensity, so I don’t see a reason why he can’t get a contract.
Who are your favorite bromances, whether real or fictional?
After students write their sentences and check over them, I edit and give them a pre-made book to copy their sentences in. After students have finished writing their sentences, they add illustrations and color. Finally, when they think their book is finished, I check over them (and may have them add to illustrations!). When they get a 'green light' from me, they write From: (Their Name) on the front cover using a black Sharpie.
Steampunk thus references the certainties of the Victorian age in the context of what came after, when distinctions started to get fuzzy. But why has it become popular now? What is it about now that resonates with then?
I was so mad, I was itchy. I mean there was no mention of Reality. Surely if Oprah knew that Reality was Jon’s baby, she’d arrange a flight for her. I was having none of this. It was time for me and Kate to throw down. I had seen on the news that she was having a book signing for her new book, “How to Free Up Your Anger By Putting Things in Crates” at the local Books and Nooks. I grabbed Reality and set off.
On Corpus Christi at St. Mark's over 225 attended a Missa Solemnis and a few evenings ago on the Feast of the Assumption of the Blessed Virgin Mary over 375 attended the Missa Cantata.
Fortunately, I've been feeling more movement again which is helping me
During the Q&A afterward, I asked if he'd considered talking about socialist democracies, and what he might have said about those. I asked because I'm genuinely curious about whether their systems work as much better than ours as they seem to. E.g., I have the impression that pretty much everyone there has a good job and a good standard of living – like Green's definition of utopia, only they do exist!
or tree to curl under, across the valley
Those freaky hole-in-throat ads fail to mention how much easier it is to make friends over a cigarette. Hey, got a light? I don’t see what the big deal is about secondhand smoke, we don’t complain about their carbon-dioxide emissions.
Bakshi doesn't help matters by creating and designing only ONE realistically-moving character (Holli) and populating the remainder as having the consistency of Jello and the inconsistency of your average low-rent Saturday Morning cartoon show - you know, the ones they show at 7:00 AM when the kids are still asleep or just barely awake? And like I said, he should know better. His early animation he did for that Sixties "Spider-Man" cartoon show was more solid and consistent than this is. Bakshi has won awards for his work and for his creativity. Cool World may be just the thing needed, however, to have all his trophies revoked.
This is not the item included in the previous post; I should have been clearer. Anyhow—sometimes ethical. If your partner has no problem with you using porn, then by all means, carry on. But, if your partner objects on the grounds of self-esteem issues, feeling unwanted, etc., then it would be unethical to simply carry on without discussing the problem.
It was a fun day, even if it was a little drizzly in the morning.
The Co-op's looking fairly shabby now but it easily the best looking building in that part of town. A listing application failed in 2005. Shame the sign at least cannot be preserved.
I am feeling fine today but still persist the memory of the species of man, on whom I showed my sympathy.
There is a really good article in Metropolis Magazine by Nicholas Coldicott telling the story of "how Japan's least fashionable drink came back from the grave": the whisky highball.
Now, I said there would be a giveaway because I am celebrating three years of blogging fun and also, my birthday. I have a kit for this pincushion and if you leave me your name and e-mail link, someone will be a lucky winner of that kit. You'll also get the supplies needed to make the matching needlecase. That tutorial will be posted tomorrow. Come back then because there will be an additional giveaway, plus another one on Saturday and a special one on Sunday!! Have a great day everyone!
On paper Sheffield Wednesday have a nice fixture, they are at home to already relegated Wycombe who have nothing to play for, however knowing Wycombe as I do as I have followed them closely they are a proud bunch and will fight tooth and nail to end their campaign on a high.
Grapes
Other times, it’s a shame because sometimes no matter how nicely or gently you put something, a person will still get offended by being told they are doing something undesirable. Or they just may never get it!
But when I want to read at odd times in odd lighting... not to mention carry 20 books around all at the same time (more like 120!)... there is nothing quite like my Nook. And I had a few moments today where I was literally IRRITATED that I couldn't pick up Shatter Me unless I re-arranged everyone on the couch so I could get the lamp, which was more than I could handle...
Because such a move will strengthen any of the three, especially the Pesaka wing (Dayak)whereby it will strengthen Alfred Jabu’s position as the Deputy Chief Minister, who harbours the ambition of being the next Chief Minister .
Best Choice if you DO NOT like the chocolate milk overly sweet character:
sense without knowledge,
The last full day. After a morning walk around the hotel we went back to Baku. On the way we had hundreds of Rosy Starling and some migrating raptors and also few Red-winged Pratincoles around Besh Barmag.
﻿Please be sure to sure to upload your creation for this week's challenge to your blog or public photo gallery, and then leave a link that goes directly to your project in the Inlinkz form at the bottom of this post by noon on Tuesday, October 12th. Don't forget, you must always use a stamp carried by 7 Kids College Fund to be eligible for the prize.
Our road was blocked by state troopers and guns were drawn. They couldn't get the dogs out of the pen. Lots of snapping and snarling. Otherwise friendly dogs went berserk.
Happy Vintage Thingie Thursday!!! Hope you have a great week!!
But it wasn’t.
‘Young adults consume these drinks assuming that they will improve their sports performance and energy levels and that they are ‘better’ for them than soda,’ said lead author Dr Poonam Jain, from Southern Illinois University.
One of the simpler and more practical methods is called the “count to 10 chart”. This is a very simple objective method of assessing foetal movements and is useful in high risk pregnancies or when uncertainty exists. It is only useful in the third trimester as prior to this perception of movements may be inconsistent.
Statistics can be a pretty dreary subject and I promise not to go on and on about it, but greatly to my surprise I've just learnt something from the Sun newspaper, other than what Steven Gerrard's wife looks like in close-up in a very scanty swimsuit.
Angela Holt
"The Trio were most jealous, cos they have to queue for 48
What people fail to realize sometimes is that your body shape doesn’t necessarily correlate with your weight. Just because two people are the same size, does not mean that the same bathing suit will fit their body the same. One can be a size 4 with a square-shaped body, while the other is also a size 4 with a triangle-shaped body. Since their body shapes are different, the bathing suits that fit them the best will also differ. Follow these simple tips, and you’ll surely sizzle in your bathing suit as you enjoy the Summer sun!
We are now almost done with February (where does the time go?) so I think it's a good time to revisit my apparently lofty goals for reading in 2011 and do some course correction!
Mrs. Obama segued into praising and thanking the other grandmothers in the room, noting they have a special role in the lives of military families. Grandmothers are constantly on call for their grandkids, she said, whether their own adult children are busy on post or deployed across the world.
King eventually offers his own answer to both questions, which serves as a solid ending and was exactly what I was looking for. But I also realize that King giving an answer is not the point of this book, though I appreciate him taking a stand and proffering a firm opinion. Questions about the past and "what would haves" will always be part of our world, and it's fun to explore that from time to time; but, again, that isn't the point. It's the journey that interested me, not necessarily the destination. The characters I met along the way were engaging and real, the suspense was palpable, and my nerves remained taut.
I am totally enjoying Spring Break this week! I decided to take a break this weekend, and I felt as if I was going through withdrawals, especially since I wasn't blog stalking like I normally do!
Amarysse the Cornac Fighter set out into the Trollmire, determined that she was going to find whatever hidden treasure the forest held. She didn’t let such petty concerns as monsters worry her — she had her sword in her hand and was ready for anything the forest could throw at her.
Slowly, silently now the moon
B. acquired Cuba as a slave territory.
It's crammed with visual images, mostly about the village. The up-and-down outline of its shape. Crocodiles of infant classes going to the school canteen. The village cats. A lizard, even. The youth of the village assembling behind the bus shelter, revving their bikes. A little old lady dancing - in this instance, trying to do the Gay Gordons without falling over. The time in about 1930 when the church roof fell in during Mass. (No one was hurt. A miracle?) The monsoon-like rain that sometimes soaks us. A love duet for cello and violin, over a plainchant accompaniment, inspired by the Prieuré, the place where it will actually have its first performance. The strong Spanish element in local dances...
Store it at room temperature and away from excess heat and moisture (not in the bathroom) in an airtight container. Store Aspirin suppositories in a cool place or in a refrigerator. Throw away any medication that is outdated or no longer needed and any tablets that have a strong vinegar smell.
“These bloody days have broken my heart,
"I know what you did"
This time tho i didnt see my fiance, i seen him that man and i pulled bac and jumped out the car and got a taxi home.
21:59
21st amendment and their "can" only beers, I have had a few IPA's recently in cans, and I just can't seem to get over the "taste" difference. It probably is just in my head that it tastes different, but their is something a bit strange about having a IPA from a can. But for hopheads this is a pretty good option if you have to drink out of a can.
No one should have to move from the place they were born or choose to live because they have no rights to exist as they choose in that state. No state government because of their desperation for money should be able to see my credit card purchases or charge me if I CHOOSE to cross a state border to save money on any legal product that is cheaper in another state.
The Republicans controlled the federal government by themselves most of the last decade and created a gigantic mess. It was so bad Time magazine called it the “lost decade.” The title isn’t quite correct. It should’ve been called the “lost decade for the 99 percent,” because the 1 percent made off like bandits, thanks to their theives in congress, the white house and the Koch brothers wing of the Supremely Corrupt Court stealing from the rest of us.
Some of you don’t doubt Jesus, your doubting doctrine. Some of you are doubting the church, it’s leaders or practices. Some of you are doubting because church has become an unsafe place for you.
Rosie's party this year was a combination birthday for her and Monkeyrotica, as well as a housewarming for us. We bought our home in late August of 2003. Three celebrations at once were very confusing for our guests!
“On Wednesday, The Hill reported that Barack Obama wouldn’t do anything to celebrate the two-year anniversary of ObamaCare, his signature legislative achievement. That might have to do with the fact that a majority of voters wants it repealed, and even a plurality of Democrats (48%) want it rolled back in whole or in part. Still, just because Obama wants to be a party pooper doesn’t mean that others aren’t celebrating. The RNC, for instance, has this brief spot called “ObamaCare’s Lonely Birthday,” but which could also be titled, “It’s My Party and I’ll Cry If I Want To”:
I was pretty damn exited, and slightly confused when I first heard about Hardknott's Vitesse Noir. Mainly because I thought; 'A Triple Imperial Stout... awesome!' and 'A Triple Imperial Stout... what??'
I only just recently announced my decision to finally accept sponsorship on Dans le Townhouse and I have been really inspired by the companies that have approached me. You will be seeing more exciting advertisers and partnerships but, for now, I'd like to introduce you to my first monthly sponsor: LargeRugsCarpets.com. They have a huge selection of really unusual rugs including new, vintage and antique rugs from weaving centres in Iran, Pakistan, India, Turkey, China, Afghanistan, and Armenia.
So, I think you can guess what that means ~ our time in Washington is quickly coming to close.
Today is a “Crack in the Earth” day!
I set up a scene with all my Dust minis in front of the house from Cerberus to take some pics. Did not work out at all, light was completely off and I don't know how to compensate for that with the settings on my camera so I'll do it again when I have more painted stuff. In the mean time, this will have to do.
Can you see the bit of iridescence (and cat hair)? The fabric was lovely to work with – like a light weight linen. Almost every bolt of fashion fabric at PA Fabric Outlets is marked 100% polyester. A few bolts reported “rayon poly.” This is obviously not 100% poly. It’s lightweight – really light – but has a thick weave so that I decided it was unnecessary to line it, but perhaps I ought to have for durability. Ah well, I can always wear a slip.
That’s the trouble with lying for a living: sooner or later people figure out that you’re not making sense.
Now known as The Courthouse Hotel, it is opposite the top end of Carnaby Street, just around the corner from the London Palladium.
9. the joy of giving a quilt to someone who really appreciates it!
In the innocent early '60s there was a sentimental pop song, a duet between "Paul" and "Paula." I think all wholly or partially Latin-derived languages have some given names with masculine-feminine variants. But why only some names and not others?
Pundits and fans alike seemed to have placed their hope in the mysterious, little known and little seen recluse Norm Chow. Why this would be, and whether or not he might leave Dagobah, Tennessee remains to be seen, but few doubt the dire nature of the universe’s present situation.
Pericles
Sniper Kills French Murder Suspect From Outside Jail
Happy Mothers day to all the women out there. Happy Mothers day to my Mom. I love you and I miss you and someday we will be together again.
Beware of your thoughts and what you nurture in yourself. Your thoughts and actions will turn out to be who you are.
Jack chose not to eat the nuggets; instead, he wolfed down a poppadum (a large chip typically served as an appetizer with mango chutney) and several portions of garlic naan bread. In the past, he's also eaten the curry sauce, but last night preferred to stick with the side dishes.
The pub is on a corner and the table was on the pavement alongside the main road. After a half hour of sitting there chatting and watching people walk or drive by we went inside and I did my routine. Again I managed to achieve a first by stripping out of my outer clothes in a pub, admittedly without anyone else around, and getting down to my costume which I'd been wearing underneath.
No, no Santa gifts. Why? When I was 6 or 7, I had a friend, Kim. She informed me there was no Santa. I was devastated. I mean, really, devastated. To learn that there was no Santa Clause! Would that mean I got less gifts? Why did they lie? But, but... So, my parents let me choose. Wrapped "Santa" gifts, or unwrapped ones like the years before when I thought there was a Santa. I chose wrapped (mostly-a few unwrapped). It's just funner that way. (Yeah, I know that isn't a word. It just sounded good.)
For a couple of weeks I had been studying the characters of Moses, Nehemiah and even Jesus. See, I felt I was at the end of what I knew to do alone and I needed help! So I told God about it. Again, and again, and again. Did I say, again?
Bush's florid art-pop, outlandish image and lofty lyrical
Today is the 100th anniversary of Franz Reichelt’s attempt to fly in Paris on the 4th February 1912. His choice of venue to demonstrate his solo flying contraption? The Eiffel Tower. The results? Not good.
T: oh, ok.
Taking Chances is a sweet tender romance that makes you feel good. Things are not always as they appear. Abie is quick to assume things and it was refreshing to watch how things came about. I found the dynamics between Tyler and Abie. The flow of the story was flawless and I liked how Tyler and Abie grew as individuals and as a couple. Tyler had skeletons in his closet and Abie has her own issues to work on. I did feel that Abie needed to open up a little more about her childhood with Tyler. I would like to see a story about Josh and I would like to see what happens to Ted. Then we could also catch up with Tyler and Abie! Just an idea Ms. Manderino. If you have not read this story you are missing out. I will be reading this one again and would recommend it. No swearing, but does have some kissing!
And for those of you who didn't win something this week, I will be keeping your entries and carrying them over to the next Freebie Friday that will be going up next Friday, September 2. The walk isn't until September 17, so if you didn't get a chance to facebook, tweet, or repost this on your blog, there is still time! And if you want to donate to this friggin' awesome cause, just click here to go to our team page. No amount is too small and it is all VERY MUCH APPRECIATED!
All that said, my closet has been getting a bit unruly lately – I don’t know what’s gotten into it – and I need more space. I thought about asking hubby (very nicely, of course) to move his things to the garage, but that wouldn’t be right…would it? Anyway, desperate times call for desperate measures, so I decided to swap my beloved wood hangers in the coat closet for slim, huggable-type ones* (pictured above) to see if the change made any difference.
Sunday was dominated by the NaSTA AGM, the election of the new NaSTA exec and NaSTA hosts for 2013. In the end, Lawrence Bolton became NaSTA Chair-Elect, with XTV winning the bid against YSTV to become hosts for the 40th NaSTA conference and awards. XTV have quite the task ahead of them to improve on what NUTS have done, both it terms of hosts and awards. But with the right direction and leadership, I know they can pull it off.
MASH-TUN RAKES, SINGLE ARM TYPE - 'These I found practically useless, and very dirty around centre and stuffing box, and have had them removed.'
Though we were heading out when I saw it in the mailbox, I just took it with me and explored it while waiting for our orders at Serenitea. Here are some things that I noticed, some changes to the 2011 version.
I laughingly joked to TOTT that I was having sympathy kidney stone pains, much like he had sympathy pains all throughout my pregnancy. Alas it turned out not to be a figment of my admittedly overactive imagination.
like a roll of thunder.
on top of scouring pages and pages of home information -
I will twist to serve my own purpose and scream to express my own dreams and nightmares,
Intelligent ... College dropout.
For my final image today I drew this egret preening his wing on a log. My scanner did not pick up the subtle colors as much as I would like (the soft blue sky goes half-way up the picture and you can actually see where I made blue-gray strokes between feathers). However, you get the idea of how I use the subtle blues and grays to accent the shadows of white on his underside and where his feathers meet.
I certainly do spend quite a bit of time on Pinterest and would happily 'Pin' things/ideas
He remembered me from last time, as I was the one who tried to communicate with him…”tried” being the operative word, of course. He asked if I still had my dictionary and I told him I did. I fished around in my bag, found it, and showed it to him. He took it from me, stuck it in his pocket, and said, “Thank you. Next time I speak English.” Um, okay.
Me: "I'm still coming over, you know."
I am off to Melkote… and shall write more later.
J.
Cream together butter, cream cheese and egg yolk. Add orange juice, zest and extract. Add dry cake mix. Stir in currants, walnuts and basil. Drop by teaspoons onto buttered cookie sheet. Bake in 350 degree oven for 12-15 minutes. Cool on wire rack. Yield: 4 dozen.
The trouble with the facial board can be dealt with maybe in the warmer weather as it will not cause any more problems for a long time.
Still holding the back of my head, he grabs me by the hair and yanks me head first onto the bed. He calls me a stupid fucking whore, a dirty pig whore. He grabs for my underwear but ends up ripping the hem of my dress. That makes him even more furious. His hand grabs my foot, pulls me towards him, he rips off my underwear, moves in between my legs and tries to get inside me, but can’t. I didn’t make him wet enough with my saliva. I ruined it. The spit stings, but he is inside. I can leave this room now. He will get what he wants and I can focus on the back of my eyelids.
Sorry I've been MIA for so long - my classes at school got over yesterday (actually Wednesday because yesterday we caroled in the halls for choir and watched "Dolphin Tale" which by the way, is the sweetest movie ever. I laughed and cried and loved it!! I'll be doing a review on it sometime next week (along with some book reviews) over at my other/new blog, The Media Mix . I have a feeling that I'm going to be doing a lot of things next week (including some long over-due posts; sorry for the lack of reading material on here) so we'll see what I end up getting done. We're going to try and get the Christmas/New Year's letter and picture(s) out next week - we didn't do a letter or picture last year, so I really wanted to do one this year. After all, it's my last year home and I did quite a few things last summer that I want people to know about (bragging? maybe a little...:)
Things seem to get weirder and weirder as strange confessions are made to Annie by some of her former friends. All of them seem to have a reason to want Iris Tilford dead. Some of them are downright hostile when Iris announces that she wants to do something to honor Iris’s memory but which one of them actually killed her? This is the question that Annie is determined to answer, even if it puts her own life in jeopardy.
Yippee!
Occasionally, the names are thrust upon me. I met a young man named Brantley Fowler at a local Enterprise car rental outlet. I told him I was going to “steal” his name and make him famous. Brantley Fowler is the main character in A Touch of Velvet. His “lady” is a young woman named Velvet Aldridge. Years ago, I had a student named “Velvet.” It was the perfect name for that young lady and for my character.
I became friends with this other guy a week after me and the boy had a chat. He was a bartender and he asked me if I could join his workmates for drinks before me and him both go out to our weekly fix-the gay clubs in the Valley. One of his workmates' cute, he was out of my league.
Like any inviolable rule, it must first be broken in order for its nature to be revealed. And this is what our teenage years are for, of course. That intemperate period of our lives in which the visceral passions spew forth and darkness traces its first outline under our eyes. A time when we are all Heathcliffs, when we are crotchety and brooding and questioning of the established order of things.
We finished off with a visit to Painted Cave before continuing south for some good Chinese food in Irvine. My only regret: I still haven't figured out a way to bottle the smell of Central Coast oak forest.
My heart and soul like to visit Shutter Sisters 365 blog. I am attracted to photography as storytelling, and this group of women is walking amongst us with their camera straps around their necks, documenting every single day of this life.
Rum and coke was my spirit tipple of choice as an underage drinker, almost certainly because it tastes like plain Coke with a little funny aftertaste – ideal for my underdeveloped taste buds. Now that I’m slightly more grown-up and actually enjoy the taste of nice alcohol, I can’t break the association between the taste of Cuba Libre and the escapades of my younger self, including but not limited to: getting thrown out of a bar when I left my wallet (including both fake ID and real ID) in the toilets; dry-humping in the dorm lounge at 3am; getting into a bitter fight with my roommate over some aspect of “Beauty and the Beast” I don’t even remember.
Something big like this :
Nothing like being caught on the wrong side of the law, when you were once a law enforcement officer. Noone will understand better what walking down that long corridor means than Sylvia Puig. Hopefully, she has good Karma. It would be good if she weren’t a crooked officer. What would make a wife shoot her husband? He was lying in bed and she shot him?
Child marriages are a worldwide phenomenon, particularly in rural areas with high poverty rates and closely-guarded ancient traditions. In parts of Sub-Saharan Africa, South Asia, The Middle East and even the U.S. underage children are forced into marriages at the behest of their families. In recent years, American officials have cracked down on fundamentalist polygamist sects in Utah and Texasknown to pair adult grooms with child brides. Other countries provide less legal clout needed to protect young girls. In Yemen where, there is no punishment for families who marry off an underage daughter, about half the country’s brides are under 15. In Saudi Arabia, there is no minimum age for marriage at all. An 8-year old girl found this out in 2009, when the Saudi courts denied her annulment request. At the time, her husband was 58.
Bake in the oven for 12-15 minutes until slightly puffed and springy to the touch.
If you have always wanted to try your hand at stitchery, these hand embroidered cushions would be the perfect project. Also great for using up fabric off cuts you may have tucked away in your sewing cupboard.
Today we start the How by discussing non-examples. Carl Hooker is currently the Director for Instructional Technology for a Texas school district and has a great list of what not to do when deploying iPads as learning tools. You’ll want to read the entire post but here’s the Cliff Notes version of a few of Carl’s suggestions:
As clear as glass they say
Here's my 5 step plan for ruling the most powerful country in the world:
I then brayered and sponged Cherry Cobbler ink all over as shown. To get the white-ish edges on the card base and this patterned background piece, pour a little white embossing powder in your tray and run a VersaMarker along the edges of each. Dip the edges in the white embossing powder. Manipulate the powder (using a brush) before heat setting so you get the desired thickness and look.
Once the first layer was laid out, the next layer was glued to the top, with the segments overlapping by 50%. Using clamps to hold the segments whilst the glue dried was not an option, as I didn’t really want to disturb the segments in lifting them to install clamps. Small screws were used instead. These would be removed once the glue dried. During the process, measurements across the diameter were checked to see that I was in fact making a circle!
from a European tour, behind glass—
If you’re a fan of Paris, a fan of witty anecdotes, a fan of good writing and most importantly, a fan of food, you won’t find a more satisfying read this (northern-hemisphere) summer.
06/16 – Austin, TX @ The Parish
Second, a clarion call to return to confessions and creeds by definition is a call to systems of belief and doctrine that have nothing to do with Douthat’s thoughts on the sexual revolution–seemingly Sessions’ greatest problem with him.
However McLaren and Ferrari have gone a slightly different route.
John is a literary agent looking for Children's, Middle Grade, and Young Adult fiction. He’s also an author. I've just finished reading his YA novel, Girl Parts and LOVED IT. Also, check out his short story Abandon Changes. If he wasn't busy enough, John is also the managing editor for Armchair/Shotgun , a biannual journal that publishes fiction, non-fiction, and poetry.
That reminded me of a time at band camp. A girl had a notebook in which she rated all the guys from 1-10. It got confiscated by one of the guys, who proceeded to read the list out loud.
Obama has never said he wants a government-run health care system. He has said we have a moral duty to find ways to cover the nearly-50 million Americans who lack insurance and access to timely and inexpensive health care. He has said we pay too much (we spend $7,000 per capita for health care, way more than double any other nation — and we pay that for the 50 million people who don’t get health care, too). He has said we need to rein in health care cost inflation, which is double the rate of other goods and services, and which was a major factor in crippling American auto companies competing against foreign producers whose governments offer health coverage for all citizens including auto workers.
“For example, you must defend government policies, especially on ISA, explain to other diplomats Anwar Ibrahim’s ‘black eyes’, Mahathir Mohamad’s remarks on ‘shoot on sight’ rather than the word ‘shoo’ against the Vietnamese refugees, Bruno Mansur’s presence in Malaysia and on environment and so on.
At the end of the broomstick’s arc is Kinzy’s bowl of eucalyptus. This bowl gets knocked off its pedestal and onto Kinzy’s table. Lunch is served!
outside of Auckland, New Zealand and it has been going strong ever since.
Red Rooster is sited at 310 Lenox Avenue – that is, at 310 Malcolm X Boulevard – between 125th and 126th Street.
Nov 17 Cincinnati, OH — Taft Theatre
The lady actresses of today are mere fragments of her poise and class. Elizabeth Taylor is indeed a Lady of Grace. Her style remained Elegant throughout her career and her beauty never faltered.
Got it? Now QUIT BEING A FUCKING IDIOT.
Parents warned that white girls as young as 12 are being screwed by older Muslim men but Police and groups with responsibility to protect women pretend it is not happening or that this grooming our youngsters is not racial. Parents claim that there are networks to use our young girls while the authorities are frightened to do anything. The issue is not that they are having sex with under-age girls but that they are using our women for gratification when they have their own women.
Disc Four: Ieodo
Sci-Fi
Do I think school has value? To quote JTG, School may have value, just not supreme value. School could be just a waste of time til you are an adult, can work and not burden other adults. Schooling is not so much about education as it is about obedience and learning only the basics.
Nate: (pause) No, I don't think that's it.
Here's what I came up with:
We completed a walk around the village (at Oscar speed) – well the bit that wasn’t under water, and finally ended up at the pub. The Anchor Bleu is a great old pub which is good for beer and food and there is a small terrace overlooking the water (which is good for relaxing with a beer and taking part in the local sport!)
Global colour authority Pantone has named Tangerine Tango to be the Colour of the Year for 2012. The alluring, bright reddish- orange shade is said to provide the much needed energy boost to move forward and re-charge, according to the Institute, which is a world renowned authority on colour, based out of New Jersey in the U.S.A.
Saint Augustine
as index finger rests
3M
Gold Glitter Thank You- Bought at Target in a pack of 50 just about a week ago. This is my standard pack of Thank Yous for gifts. I really like it, it’s got just enough glitter to say “Hey THANKS- SERIOUSLY, there’s glitter involved” who lies about glitter?
I think I'm drooling a little. Crispy tater tots sprinkled with cayenne pepper? Heaven.
Safe Planet by Rodney Kevin Laws is near the entrance to the Cellar Doors. From what I have been able to read, Laws was inspired to experiment creatively with metal after he inherited his late father's anvil as a teenager. A move to the country gave him the opportunity to pursue this creativity through the passionate expression for his love of nature and the human mind.
I started running to get back into reasonable cardio-shape. I found that I liked it. I especially enjoy "social" running.
The idea is quite a bit more contemporary than my usual style but I love how clean and simple it is.
In order to link up, you'll need to include a link in your MM post back to the party.
In the past I would have felt upstate with Eli for not wanting to eat his dinner even as I struggled to eat it too. I would have felt resentment at his 'wasting my money' and even though I would have tried to be cool about it the effects of the resentment would have spilled over into little snippy comments and lack of connectedness between us.
And I had a really productive session with my therapist. No tears, for a change, but I made a lot of progress in figuring out how to deal with a family member who has been making me crazy.
I HATE IT
And to place the dollar amount into a tangible perspective, here are some of the things that $512.00 can accomplish:
Reveal it to me. Do.
Please make sure to follow each blog and comment on each post and subscribe to each youtube channel and comment on youtube video's for your chance to win some amazing prizes.
‘Twas quenching a dozen blue-flies’ thirst
...And now I am placing myself on a shopping ban.
100% worth it cause we are going to change lives!!!!
Along the sticky strands.
“Come in, quickly, children! James, how pleasant to see you! Where are your parents? Is Bethany with you? William, please push us off from the dock? Thank you.”
I asked her what her definition of being serious with a guy was. She said that she feels like going on a date with a guy is being serious. Perhaps my views on this topic are skewed because I go on so many dates. I see a date as a way of testing the waters to see if I want to see someone again. I don’t think a date makes me owe a guy something.
11.Red City Radio-They Don't Make Gravel Roads Like They Used To
I'm Pleased that the Wood Grain
For this reporter, Ruth Etting is the first of the Bland Bombshells, representing the advent of legions of non-descript performers who were to inhabit American popular culture in the 1940s and 50s. Her saving grace is a voice that is to die for, warm, pleasant and likable, and, on record at least, that is all that matters. She sounded like, and looked like, the girl next door, which of course is the origin of her vaudeville handle. The essence of vaudeville prior to this, however, had been the colorful, individual character. Costumed, distinctive, and, yes, mannered. Posh or earthy, the mere mention of the name conjured up a personality: Nora Bayes, Eva Tanguay, Sophie Tucker, Fanny Brice, Beatrice Lillie…to name just a few. Henceforth, it was to become an industry where a pretty girl could get up onstage, smile ingratiatingly, and just sing. She might have the best voice in the world…but without that indispensable persona, we would forget about her the instant she walked off the stage. She was disposable.
2.They Pay. I don’t mean prostitutes (That’s a whole other story). They don’t mind paying for dinner, they don’t grumble over who owes what at dinner with friends and even fight to pay the bill. They buy their parents and girlfriends gifts even when it’s not a special occasion.
Betty or Susie, whatever her name is puts me on hold and comes back. "Ma'am, there is some light on the horizon for you. This vehicle is equipped with On Star service, so they may be able to unlock your car remotely and not have to send some one out. Give me a minute to contact On Star and see what we can do." The line goes silent. My sniffles and sobs slow. Michael watches me slowly and controlled wondering what in the world crazy Mommy will do next.
They are keeping well in the salad drawer the fridge. Small Oca roasted whole become squishy and extra lemony...and slightly insect grub like if I am to be completely honest. This may put you off, or you may want to use it as a selling point to young children who like to pretend that spaghetti is worms and tapioca is frogspawn. Larger roasted Oca resemble lemony waxy potatoes. I have added them to stews with other roots vegetables and they retain the delicate lemon flavour. Their crunchy waxy texture is similar to water chestnuts when sliced and added to a stir fry. They are delicious and very versatile.
Morello: Increase the cool-down on Irelia’s ultimate and nerf her W.
Again, THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR MAKING THIS A SUCCESSFUL BLOG HOP!! Please come visit us soon, as we have much more in store to share with you.
Parents are suing Apple over addictive kids iPad/iPhone games. The results of the lawsuit will be available as a $2 in-app purchase.
For the moment that we do, our spiritual growth
The health and safety of undocumented workers is often overlooked and workers routinely put their lives at risk. For vegetable and fruit pickers, highly toxic chemicals used as pesticides and herbicides are the causes of chronic illness and infant deformities.[7] Workers in meat processing facilities fare no better. Machines operate at dangerous speeds that cause debilitating injuries. Workers face humiliation or severe punishments when they cannot keep pace. The conditions inside meat plants are usually very cold and wet and workers become sick after long hours with inadequate clothing.[8]
Tongue captured my most favouritest topping in the world....CARAMEL. fyi: I never go for the chocolate topping on my sundaes.I was so excited by this surprising taste sensation that I was almost angry. "What the heck is THIS? Oh my God this is so good. No, I mean, this is seriously really good. Have any of you tasted anything so good before? There's no way it could be THIS good. Oh.My.God" And yes, I was talking my way through this experience and with each sentence the pace picked up, my body tensed until finally, release. When I came to, three computer programmers, the new Web girl and hubby were gaping at me. And she said the only thing she could say to me in that moment, "Would you like some more?" No. I couldn't bring myself to cheapen the experience. I would never reach those heights again. Nothing beats the first time.
Ethel and "Nipper".
Coming up next... why education reform fails.
6. Start a couple of businesses and invest in a couple of businesses
In a telling paraphrase of Bill Clinton’s campaign team slogan, he added: “It’s not just the economy, stupid. The task is to combine the preparation of a nation for economic change with the re -establishment of social order” – an immense task where the moral challenge would be as great as the economic one.
Wynkoop Brewing Company Poor Richard
You have a passion for blogging and are ready to get paid :)
Though it seems as if spring weather will not be approaching any time soon, I can't help but dream of spring style. I meant to do homework this afternoon, but somehow started browsing Ruche's new items instead (shocking) and am obsessed with all the beautiful colors and textures! It stays pretty chilly here until basically July, so I'm loving their sweaters in light, whimsical colors--perfect for throwing over a dress or floral skirt. I'm not normally a pink kind of girl, but I can't resist the gorgeous rose and coral shades coming up this season..one of each, please! Pleats, polka dots, bows, bring 'em on. I'm just ready to wear girly, colorful, playful pieces this spring...if it ever shows up (it's snowing as I type this).
"And it's so visually intersting!" I'd hear.
Isn't this the cutest old school desk? It was lovingly created by Evie at Brown Paper Packages. Isn't that a cute blog name, too? She shares the inspiration and tutorial for this garage sale makeover.
Update: Correct prediction.
When thinking of historic sites, the mental picture is usually one of an old historic building, perhaps colonial, Victorian, or early 19th century.
six weeks later, (the friday before mother's day) we returned for our ultrasound and we also had a record of justin's cath volumes for each cath one week prior to the appointment. his volumes were EVERYWHERE - anywhere from 50-300mL. they weren't consistent by any means. we knew this wasn't good, but we didn't know what to expect. after our ultrasound, we met with dr. banihani. the first thing he asked when he got into the room was, "has justin had any surgeries other than his shunt?"...meaning, neurosurgically (if that's a word). we said, "just his closure." he said, "okay. i think justin has tethered cord." i said, "really?!" but in a tone of like.... "you're kidding me, right?" he walked out of the room to get the record i had brought of justin's volumes and mama bear burst into tears. he explained that justin's numbers were way too high and random and this is a sign of tethered cord. he went through some of the questions we had and said he'd called neurosurgery to find out if they wanted to see justin. we left urology that day with fear and disappointment. we are now cathing justin 5 times a day and overnight. we're continuing with the ditropan (still a nightmare). and, justin's kidneys looked fine... it's just his "make" that one is bigger than the other. no biggie, as long as there are no changes.
Curry leaves- 2 to 3 sprigs
Johannesburg - Furniture worth almost R245 000 has been attached at Police Minister Nathi Mthethwa's Cape Town office to cover the costs of civil claims, the DA claimed on Thursday.
By the mid-20th Century, nearly 1 billion dollars’ worth of gold, silver, and copper had been hauled out of Cleopatra Hill and the immediate vicinity. But, by then, Jerome had become a true ghost town. Below is a shot of the Connor Hotel, which burned down twice before this brick building was finally built in 1898. Once the classiest hotel in town, by 1931 the place was shuttered. It re-opened in the 1960’s as a flophouse. It shut down again in the 1980’s due to building code violations but has since re-opened as something somewhat above a flophouse.
Is this the sort of thing that events managers are sometimes meant to handle?
Marlene: Besides writing, do you have any other passions?
Blindly moving into
“How is that so?” Clay said (See what I mean.)
Bachelor party llama
I really like Mexican food. And one of the things I really enjoy about it is how heavily customisable it is. You can pretty much throw anything in and it’ll still taste great.
You’ve been there before and then you know what to do when you see that behavior happen or when you see that circumstance.
The pic above is one the last two 24th Street Station 8x8's that I'll be listing on Etsy today.
Of the 30,000 documents that Toni and her team have uncovered and are busy uploading to their database, one story in particular has stood out to her and stands as a shining example of the intrinsic worth of their particular type of historical research. “In our research we uncovered a story about a group of enslaved ancestors at Jehosee Plantation, near Edisto. One of the women in the group went to gather berries in the woods and was bitten by a rattlesnake. Two of the enslaved men that were there, quite possibly without the permission of the overseer, carried this woman on their backs to Charleston to be treated by Dr. Charles. This story is downright heroic and shows the sheer determination and fortitude of these enslaved ancestors.”
34But one of the Sanhedrin, a Pharisee named Gamaliel, a man of learning in the law, of whom all the people had a high opinion, got up and made a suggestion for the men to be put outside for a little time.
When you are comfortable with eat lunch and run, take yourself out for dinner. A restaurant with linen and silverware. You’re no less intriguing a person when you’re eating solo dessert to cleaning the whipped cream from the dish with your finger. In fact some people at full tables will wish they were where you were.
A dentist, not allowed to look in your mouth
nara-devatvam āpannaḥ
Good ol’ Oli spoke the truth and it’s a good thing I’m not trying to make a living out of my blogs. But Louisiana is the exception where they’re making a living with the gators. If you’re in the neighborhood of Lafayette, check out Cajun Country where you can find a ton of swamp tours and you might even find yourself wrestling some gators!
knowing I'm capable of all the things they ask of me
The earthmoving guy who dug the trench didn’t leave enough of a levee at the drain end, here. So instead of the trench protecting our property, it funnelled the water in at this one spot, with pretty messy consequences… (the drain is in the middle of that large puddle at the right of the photo. Obviously working overtime – NOT!)
Oatmeal Nutmeg Scones
All that remains is for the former senator to drape himself in the stars-and-bars for this transformative historical moment to be complete. Then again, if that’s what it takes to win over right-wing Southerners, Romney would have done it already.
John 5:26, 27: For just as the Father has life in himself, so he has granted also to the Son to have life in himself. And he has given him authority to do judging, because Son of man he is.
Maybe there’s
K: I loved that about it. It does that sort of “I’m gonna have a conversation about music and then I’m gonna have a conversation about faith and then I’m gonna have a conversation about family,” and all those things are linked, all those things make sense as part of a larger conversation.
It's Bengt,
Like all Greenies, a lot of Toepfer's thinking was irrational. His beloved Lueneburger Heide (Luneburg Heath) is not a natural landscape at all. It was originally forest-covered but the trees were cut down and the area is maintained mainly as a grassland by grazing sheep on it. It is an environment heavily altered by human intervention! And present day German Greenies regard the Lueneburger Heide as sacred ground too. You can't make this stuff up
The finishing touches I added to wrap up this card were glitter to all the flowers so they sparkled. Just wouldn't be complete without glitter :) I added a white flourish and then added white paint dot spirals in the corners for added detail.
Often times, we know no real details about these people who we talk to on a semi-daily basis. We may or may not know their real names, their occupation, their religious views, or where they're located. All we know is that by some twist of fate, they were brought into our lives by words squished into 140 character limits.
As usual I was too shy to say “hi”.
Sex
Direct X. IT is your marriage duty to assist one another in the education of your children.(43)
Overall, I really liked Born Wicked. I thought it was clever and unique. With great writing. If you haven't already you should totally look into this one!
Little Bird Photography
What is mirin?
Some scholars likened the attitudes of Soviet immigrants to those of the Vietnamese boat people who fled their homeland’s Communist government and of the Cuban refugees who fled the government of Fidel Castro, both of whom took a more conservative tack in the United States than the members of most immigrant groups.
The chart is very easy to read and comes printed in black ink on two sheets of A3 paper, with a symbol key and instructions for getting started down the side of one of the sheets.
So when poor old Joe takes a southerly gaze upon a co-worker he is performing a perfunctory duty of all men to take a look at the (Insert favorite breast name here) Not knowing that the advertisements he is the target of are not real. Silly Joe, Silly Joe.
when the oak that rested in the yard
9 Then they said one to another, We do not well: this day is a day of good tidings, and we hold our peace: if we tarry till the morning light, some mischief will come upon us: now therefore come, that we may go and tell the king’s household.
Monckton is also listed by UKIP as its Scotland Leader & Head of Policy Unit. He is an infamous climate change denier and previously called President Obama’s birth certificate “plainly a forgery”.
I am grateful that, when I put on an old Veggie Tales video recently, both boys eventually came out to watch - and even asked me to rewind a part or two.
If you ever catch Victorious, you'll see that Gillies is cast perfectly in her role and it's obvious she's going to become a big star. Gillies also appeared in the 2008 film Harold and some of her other TV credits include The Black Donnellys and White Collar. She grew up in Haworth, NJ and attended Northern Valley Regional High School in Demarest, NJ.
But another fear has gripped South African football fans: what if the country is ready, but the team is not? On the brink of the biggest moment in South Africa's sporting history, the woeful performance of the national football team threatens to spoil the party.
Actually, I won't be having a funeral because I don't do church. Rather, Martha wants to hold a tasteful memorial service, so I've scribbled out a tentative plan for her.
In honor of National Tourism Week, Visit Bloomington will be celebrating our local tourism industry with a reception and awards presentation on May 24th. The highlights of the reception are the award winners, tourism professionals in our community that have done an exceptional job. Please nominate someone you know in the tourism industry (and that includes hotels, restaurants, shops, & attractions) that deserves to be recognized. Click here for the nomination form and send to Julie@visitbloomington.com or fax to 334-2344 by May 4th.
I’d have to say that I’d stop being so hard on myself. I would never, NEVER, never talk to anyone the way I do myself at times, especially when I’ve made mistakes or my favorite: removing any doubt that I AM the village idiot. (Oh look, there it is again! More unconditional friendliness to myself…)
Jeff Who?
Matamoras is less than an hour’s drive from the George Washington Bridge.
Hard right to the body by Justin, and both fighter are starting to find their distance. Chaote land s a jab. Leg kick lands for Justin.
Ick. This is my knee as of this morning, a little over a week since I took a fall in my last 5k. As you can tell, it’s healing albeit rather slowly. There was a point last week that it wasn’t looking too good and I had to get serious with the care routine. I’d have hoped that by this point I’d have more new skin rather than his gaping hole in my knee. It’s painful, disgusting and it’s really brought me down.
My friend, you would not tell with such high zest
I'm sure that if you have been hopping along - you have seen a number of Sweet 'n Sassy's very cute images. I also have a Label down the left side of my blog that says "By: Sweet 'n Sassy". If you click on that you will see all the other cards that I have made.
I agreed with the first point. I have flat arches. Period. No amount of running & walking & Crossfitting in my Vibrams or Nike Frees are going to change that – believe me, I’ve TRIED and TRIED and TRIED. It’s just not in my anatomy. Without arch support, my foot caves inward & sets of a whole chain of badness from my arch all the way up to my hips. It’s not worth it, especially when all I have to do is plunk down $40-something for a pair of green Superfeet insoles.
I also made Eggless Chocolate Chip Cookie Dough Balls. I guest posted about them here. They are so good made with Coconut Oil! I also loved them dipped in dark chocolate!
grayest of gray-suited office buildings:
Fortunately, Korfu had the ability to see almost perfectly in darkness… even pitch darkness such as this. Praymar, as it happened, had the same ability.
By the time we checked in, got the car parked, had the valet bring the car back so we could get a cell phone out of it, and walked the 5 or 6 blocks over to the convention center, the line was as huge as ever. People were lined down Stout Street nearly back out the N. Speer Boulevard side of the convention center. People at the GABF are surprisingly patient though.
In response,Parliament Speaker Saad el-Katatni of the Muslim Brotherhood's Freedom and Justice Party announced that parliament was suspending sessions for a week to protest the ruling military junta's failure to dismiss the present cabinet and allow the Islamists to pick a new one of their choosing.
Flavor: First impression is a refreshing sensation that carries with it a combination of quick grain sweetness chased by an equally fast moving spike of hops (that slightly metallic, slightly astringent sensation). The second sip again begins with that refreshing sensation followed by more of the hop spikes leading the sweeter grain this time. A third sip notices how well behaved these two flavors are. No fighting for prominence or domination.
Just came back to London yesterday and discovered that the weather is not as it was expected. While I spent some semi-sunny times in Zürs/Lech and Salzburg (more sunny times over there), I thought that at least my city would be in some spring-mood. But no. Gatwick Airport welcomed me with heavy rain and luggage that gained approximately another 20 kg after I sent it off, which let me change my clothes the moment I entered my four walls (as I once said - leaving the tube & feeling as I just left the rain forest behind).
I better get going. I decided to have a small family picnic to get myself in the mood for the upcoming season. I invited just a few relatives over, and I noticed one big guy, way in the back that I don’t recognize. Wait a minute….. Is that Uncle Ben all alone back at the last picnic table? Maybe I should bring him a beer, and a few burgers. He really looks hungry.
My kids are messy. They leave messes where ever they go. Their desks have papers all over them and under them. They have pencil sharpening shavings all over the floor. (Our custodian- that poor man- I'm positive he hates to clean our room.)
On the other side of a week, I can still taste the disappointment. Not just from not getting to see him, but from the end of a crush that consumed far too many of my thoughts during the months it was going on.
The fabric for the dress is a pain to sew because it frayed very easily. Once I got the top done I started to work on the symbol.
Growing up we never ate beets in our household, it was just one of those vegetables that my mom never cooked for dinner. Daikon, natto, gobo root- sure...beets? Nope. So, my first encounter with beets didn't come until I was well into college and unfortunately it wasn't on a plate...it was in a diaper. A rather full and overflowing diaper at that. Let me back up a bit.
The core of one of the most legendary touring bands of all time remains Phil Lesh (bass), Bob Weir (guitar), Mickey Hart and Bill Kreutzmann (drums). New are keyboardists Jeff Chimenti and Rob Barraco, who migrated over from Weir’s side band, Ratdog. Jimmy Herring (lead guitar) has the job of standing in the swirling black hole created by the 1995 death of Jerry Garcia. And singer Joan Osborne is the latest recruit in the long-lived tradition of Dead-affiliated female backup singers, Susan Tedeschi (last time around with the Other Ones) and Donna Jean Godcheaux (early 1970s) the most notable.
It mentions in the article that our 'SIBOL' project was started in Memory of my Grandmother which it was and today is her Birthday! I am so happy, what a nice way to say I am thinking of her.
I hope you guys love these songs as much as I do!
Dash freshly ground pepper
2010.09.13 Iraq Baghdad 4 6 Four Iraqis are murdered in separate Mujahideen attacks, including a father in front of his family.
My heart says Ben Saunders while my mind says Bryan Baker. While I’m a big Saunders fan, he’s just doesn’t seem to be turning the corner in his last several performances. Throw in a suspect chin and I think that Baker’s power will be the determining factor in this one. I’ll be happy if Ben wins, but I’ve got to go with Baker on this one. Baker by TKO in the 2nd.
"Oh, synonyms."
There are constantly holiday events going on in WOW. There are two this month- Noblegarden and Children’s Week. Most players do a lot of these achievements on their own, but it is fun to take at least one achievement from a holiday and turn it into a guild event!
Bracket Die : Tim Holtz
And the runner-up, Picasso’s “Nude, Green Leaves, and Bust”:
But this understanding is completely backwards; black slaves would have been better off if the Constitution counted them at one-fifth, or not at all. The southern states would have been much happier had the slaves counted as whole persons, or better yet, 5 persons each!
Zucchini Squash
So if you remove temperature periods that you don't like, you get a temperature pattern that you do like. That proves nothing. For him to have shown extraneous influences on temperature, he would have to have measures of those influences themselves, not just the temperature changes that are attributed to them. To use a rough analogy, he is standing in a bucket and trying to lift himself by the handle. He needs to get out of the bucket.
I'm trying really hard to distract myself from thinking about the class. I have a baby shower to go to this weekend and the weekend after the dreaded class we're going to a family BBQ. This weekend is Mothers Day and I need to figure out what to get my Mom and Mother-in-law. Shopping trip! So I'm trying to focus on those fun things instead of the class. It's not really working but I'm pretending it does.
Longo, Angelo and Barry, Catharine. Illustrated by Longo, Angelo. The Space Book. New York: Paxton-Slade Publishing Co. (44 p.) 29 cm. (1962)
Favorite dinner: Chicken nuggets.
Can Cuboy save the day? Will Padrino mess Time right up? Does it really matter? Is this a tower defence game? What’s for dinner? A/S/L? ***QUICKFIRE HINTS***
Old customs lose their sway;
3 reflections
Story by David.
EastEnders: The Brannings deal with Tanya’s cancer diagnosis
and thoughts of you will always send me
Bootable : No
Whilst this bubblegum ditty might not make you realise, the Prescot-born and eventually Rome-based Stott actually had a very credible history in sixties groups which are incredibly sought-after by collectors now. Serving time in Four Just Men and the legendary Wimple Winch, he has earned his stripes as a soldier in the great Freakbeat wars - and the B-side here "Henry James" is a firm reminder of those roots. Riddled with psychedelic effects, screeching car tyres, and a pounding, nagging beat, it's a far cry from the pure pop of "Chirpy" (which incidentally I've always had a soft spot for).
But how much
Clams Casino – Im God
Then I started seeing a series of great Broadway musicals. I saw productions of THE KING & I and GUYS AND DOLLS. You know all the great musicals of that period, and I fell in love with show business. I became fascinated with show business. Meanwhile, at night, my parents were not allowing me to watch television, cause they considered it uncultured. So I was always listening to the radio. And to this day, I'm still mad with them, cause I really missed out on the golden age of comedy on television.
Dear Heavenly Father, I thank You for teaching me how to pray the right way. I know I’ll always receive answers to all my prayers as I pray every day in the Name of Jesus! Amen!
I forgave my father for abusing me.
Behind the principle of the analogy of faith is the prior confidence that the Bible is the inspired Word of God. If it is the Word of God, it must therefore be consistent and coherent. Cynics, however, say that consistency is the hobgoblin of little minds. If that were true, then we would have to say that the smallest mind of all is the mind of God.
From Health standpoint, consuming of cooked bittermelon reduces risk of diabetics, bloodpressure and diffferent kinds of cancer.
So one time my dad didn’t turn over when my mom told him to but said instead that he’d turn over when he damn well pleased. He thought the heat was clearing up the acne on his back. He didn’t really start to smell like frying bacon until they were on their way home.
To "GrandmaGracie"....
Usually, I’d just try not to think about anything. Because it’ll allow me to forget everything that happened.
Mitchell: “I had the advantage, or disadvantage, as the case may be, of watching Mitt Romney and Newt Gingrich at the same time on side-by-side screens. It’s my job; someone has to do it.”
This will start in yourselves a whole new cycle, a cycle of such high and Lighted proportions that if kept to and kept fed with Loving, happy and united energies, you would find your Lives getting easier and easier and indeed, more joyful and fun to Live.
The Hebrew version of the name of the city and the tower, Babel, is attributed in Genesis 11: 9 to the verb ‘balal’, which in Hebrew means to confuse or confound. In Part 2 of this series I briefly touched on the topic of the Tower of Babel, and pointed out that the Bible (Genesis 11:1-9) tells us that these people who built the city and the tower in that region originally came FROM THE EAST, -- the same region where Cain dwelt after he was banished from Eden – (Genesis 4: 16).
Karl Spooner - Brooklyn Dodgers
federal, United Nations (UN) Chosen Masters/Powers in Charge: We will
The content of this blog is the original content of Diane McDermott, NC Residential Real Estate Broker in Charlotte NC’s real estate market serving neighborhoods in Charlotte NC
We all have our own gifts and talents. While I try to make people feel welcome, I know that I fail miserably compared to my dear cousin. Hospitality is a natural gift with which she’s been blessed.
In doing so this documentary explores life with Autism from just about every angle tackling many of the issues that are often hidden or under-represented within mainstream media.
Unfortunately, when many people are doing their best to promote understanding, some organisations are engaged in small circles, hindering the country’s opening up policy and progress. For example, a total of 76 Malay non-governmental organisations formed a consultative council, Majlis Perundingan NGO Melayu (MPM), to oppose Najib’s opening-up economic measures. They vowed to defend Malay rights and Islam in the country. In fact, many organisations in the country are narrow-minded.
About 2,100 workers in Tulsa were targeted for layoffs in parent company AMR Corp.’s bankruptcy restructuring plan. The contract offer reduces that number “significantly,” a union rep tells the Tulsa World’s D.R. Stewart.
I would give myself to you
So here’s what’s new: I got promoted! Yay! And then I got demoted…Yeah, I know. I was like, “Seriously?”. But forget that part, because I’m done bitching about a job that doesn’t stimulate me anyway. But here comes the good stuff: The man and I just celebrated our four year anniversary! Last year this time, I was blogging from Amsterdam. This year, it was less extravagant, but very cute. He whisked me away to a little beach town over the weekend, plus, he kept it a secret. That, in itself, is a freaking miracle. He cannot keep a secret. So it was incredibly sweet, and very romantic.
Is it reality TV?
And as you can see below, through some miracle of alien technology, they already have a burgeoning garden of organic kale going (a delicacy among their kind), despite the fact that this occupation began a mere 10 days ago on Halloween night…
Both Artiguez and Francisco are suffering an unbearable crisis of conscience. Artiguez is afraid he’s grown too old to kill Vinolas. Francisco wants to warn Artiguez of the trap Vinolas is setting up for him in San Martin, but isn’t sure if doing so would violate the doctrines of his church. Zinnemann first attempts to bring the two characters together when Francisco stops by Artiguez’ apartment to deliver a letter, which—for complicated reasons—finds itself flushed down a toilet. Normally the delivery of a letter in a Zinnemann film means bad news: think the opening sequences of High Noon or A Man for All Seasons (1966). When Artiguez and Francisco finally do meet, however, it results in the film’s single-greatest sequence, in which they sit across from each other in Artiguez’ darkened apartment, breaking bread and exchanging religious disagreements. When Francisco, for example, brings up the subject of a brain-damaged priest (Jean-Paul Moulinot) who may have been assaulted by Artiguez during a bank robbery, Artiguez is unsympathetic: “Priests should stay out of banks!” A discussion about a neighborhood in Lorca, however, leads to smiles, a toast over wine and an area of mutual understanding.
Hey all. Quick post today. I am the May hostess and the first challenge I came up with was to make a card with ribbons and/or pearls. I had thought that my card would be frilly and feminine for Mother's Day, but my muse decided on tween birthday instead.
Processor: Intel Pentium Dual Core 2 Duo T4500 or T6670
This brings us to where we started with the discussion that Harold Macmillan referred to in his diary entry for January 20th 1955: "More discussion about the West Indian immigrants. A Bill is being drafted - but it's not an easy problem. P.M. thinks 'Keep England White' a good slogan! (11)
“Maybe it’s cursed!”
Halfmann: We ended up using a brush script for the lettering.
I didn't think it was possible, but I may have found a quality in writing that is more elusive that voice - grounding. Those little details that make a story or a scene or a character real. My favorite example of this comes from C.S. Lewis' The Voyage of the Dawntreader:
as an Ex-Hippie, sort of, minus the protesting & flowers…
I have been wanting to try this top on for a while now and was happy to see the purple motif hanging in my store (it's been sold out online since like a week after it debuted). I grabbed an X-Small and Small in both colors and in the end decided the Small was the better fit. The X-Small was a little too fitted through the ribs and waist...just not quite as flattering. I really loved both colors, but I think I would go for the purple if I could find it by the time is hits sale. I envision this being so cute with my Peppering Skirt and Poetic License purple and blue heels. The one thing I don't love about this top is that the material is a little stiff. It doesn't flow as easily as I would hope and because of that, fits a little odd in the bust area. It even pulls a bit when clearly, there is no reason there should be any pulling action going on. Again, not super blessed on my top half. It's not a deal breaker for me though, and I would love to score this on sale. Hoping there are some purples still around by then!
One concept was to me, bold, strong and a bit modern looking instead of understated. Not what I would normally select. I put it aside concentrating on the others until I went back and reviewed a question he had asked and my answer which was build a "brand".
In only months Melissa had grown up so much and was already starting school.
Sanjay Mehrotra is president and chief executive officer of SanDisk, effective January 2011. He was appointed to the SanDisk board of directors in July 2010, appointed president and chief operating officer in June 2006, and co-founded in 1988.
And by the time you do get to speak with someone, are you receptive to what they have to say??
My seven year old son has been so enthralled with this book, daily sharing with us new information he has discovered. It has been a joy to see this already excited about Jesus boy get even more excited. You can go to Amazon and learn more about and purchase this book, here.
Mariage Frères has been my tea of choice since I started drinking tea in 2000. I was in Paris, trying to go off coffee (note to MP: just cause I did it once doesn't mean I'll do it again), so I took out books on tea from the American Library and learned something. Then I went to Mariage Frères to sniff their canisters. And that's really why I stayed with this boutique--they'd let me sniff however much I wanted, something that wasn't so common to find back then. Quickly I learned that I'm the "unsophisticated" type of tea drinker. Jasmine green tea is about as traditional as I get--I prefer flavors. All kinds of pretty flavors with pretty flower petals and fruits nestled within!
passage today? How do you picture Jesus as he prays? What does this say to
Among the many varieties of Gluten-free Pastas, Cookies, Cake Mixes, I saw a bag of Gluten-free Brown Rice Flour! Yes, this would be an excellent exchange for regular white flour. With the little amount I needed for this Latke Recipe, I purchased the Brown Rice Flour and began the process of preparing Potato Latkes as usual.
But would she still be the Babe? My Babe. Our Babe.
At night’s end, as Genevieve recalled that first encounter when I spoke with her decades later, they exchanged phone numbers on scraps of paper. “I’m pretty sure we had dinner maybe the Wednesday after. I think maybe he cooked me dinner. Then we went and talked in his bedroom. And then I spent the night. It all felt very inevitable.”
1-7 pm “Americanarama” @ The Basement – it’s always one of our favorite parties of the conference ** Great Bands + Free Beer and hot dogs to the first 100 people **
Q: Many readers might hope to get their copies of "Driving Mister Yogi" autographed by the two main characters. Any suggestions?
You are,
Soul Clap - Love Light
Quinoa is a great, gluten-free grain with a slightly nutty taste that is packed with protein and the only grain that is a perfect protein. Sick of eating rice? There are lots of great dishes you can make with quinoa. Here’s my personal recipe.
¼ cup soy sauce
So I have been sort of interested in permaculture for a while and reading bits and pieces but now that we have our blank canvas to create I figured it was time to really come to grips with it. Unfortunately while there are a million and one courses out there you have to be a millionaire to attend any of them.
Somebody to Love – Glee Soundtrack
HISTORICAL GUARDIAN BIAS AGAINST INTERVENTIONISM & TONY BLAIR
thought was so great turned out to be a one way hole into oblivion. I
Back in the fall we helped our dear friends in Alabama harvest their first sorghum crop. It was lots of fun and a load of work too! Here, where we live, our neighbors make sorghum every year and we usually help out in the fields- so it was a new adventure when we were blessed with the opportunity to help out our friends.
Nor is the Abkhazian crisis the only one brewing in the Black Sea. Last month, Russian naval troops blocked Ukrainian bailiffs from seizing navigational equipment from a lighthouse outside Sevastopol, the Crimean base of Russia's Black Sea Fleet for two centuries.
“Yes, and I imagine the horror of what he’d done dawned on poor Mr. Baines as well. He was, after all, the only child of only children and the legacy of his entire line had been bound up in that child. Is it any wonder he died not long after? Our distant side of the family inherited his holdings and sold them off piecemeal. You owe your college education to that sad turn of events, matter of fact.”
That hour, o'night's back arch the keystane,
There used to be a giant penis sculpture in front of the sex theatre that erupted every hour (only water came out, you’d have to pay for anything more) but it was removed a few years ago because apparently even the RLD has its limits. Who woulda thought?
Initially the SWP member present seemed to oppose this idea and said it wasn't important to back such a demo! He even went as far as to say that the campaign to stop the BNP in the Euro-elections was not a failure! At this point I had to interrupt to point out that the BNP did get elected so it quite clearly was a failure, one we must all learn from. Eventually seeing that the tide had turned and the majority in the room supported the strategy of a real class alternative it was agreed that Cardiff UAF would publicise both YFJ demonstrations. This has not always been the case and in the past leading figures in UAF generally from the SWP have blocked this kind of support for a class based demonstration, nevertheless this change is most certainly welcome.
We have been given back the keys to our flat and we are moving stuff over.
Heat pure ghee in heavy bottom kadai. Add besan and Mix well. Be carefull that lumps should not form. Roast it stiring continuously on low flame. Initially it will feel dry but if you go on stiring it will get little loose. When the colour changes to golden brown and you can feel nice aroma. Turn off the flame. When it get cool add powdered sugar, cardamom powder and chopped dry fruits in it and mix wel. Make small balls.... ladoo from it and on top of it put one raisin and slightly press it. Lovely ladoos are ready for Lakshmi Poojan Naivedyam.
“How much do cops make?” he asked.
“Gays aren’t NFL fans, and women are only NFL fans in order to make their man happy, and as such we don’t need to worry about what a few politically correct wimps say”? … I wonder if this is one possible explanation for the otherwise inexplicable contempt for a large demo of potential customers.
I gave this speech on June 13, 2010, for the University of California, Santa Barbara’s Humanities and Fine Arts graduation ceremony. The grandstand area and lawn accommodated approximately 900 graduates and 5,000 attendees. David Marshall, the Dean of Humanities and Fine Arts and Executive Dean of the College of Letters and Science, introduced me after the keynote speaker’s address.
9:20 Chris Wallace & Brit Hume are debating about Ted Kennedy and both waxing poetic about him even with their disagreements with his policy. Thank you for being human instead of partisan.
Hope these help!
I've got balls bigger than your pea shaped fucking brain,
09 - Dreams I'll Never See 08:42
“Did you bring the note?” came a voice from the darkness.
Corn flour and water mixture to thicken the gravy
….Donghae-ah.. please take me with you..”
The 15-year fixed mortgage averaged 3.07 percent (0.7 point), also below its all-time record low when it was 3.11 percent April 12 of this year. Last week, the 15-year averaged 3.12 percent, and a year ago, it was 3.89 percent.
Collect 35 Solar on an drop-pod drop.
The image is from here and is coloured with copics, backing paper papermania and embossing folder is cottage floral by craft concepts, buttons ribbon and flower from stash
We will never tolerate segregation, and the law is on our side on that one. The segregationists/gender queer and cross dressing activists need not to co-opt us anymore, it's unethical and a violation of our rights for them to demand that we misgender ourselves into a third gender "anti-binary" rebellion. We simply are aligned with the binary, like a large percentage of the world.
from our souls.
Happy revising!
Next stop is the blacksmith’s. It’s time to sell-off some of these goodies I’ve been collecting. I meet Beirand the blacksmith, and I’m happy to report that he is a much better blacksmith than Rustleif. Of course the only criteria I am judging him by is whether he offers me any fetch quests. He doesn’t. And just like that, I don’t hate him.
4. Hip-Hop (Unreleased)
I contacted WP twice, hoping for a speedy recovery. I didn’t want to move my blog or start from scratch; I’ve spent a lot of time developing this one. Fortunately, the powers that be felt my repentance, reviewed my blog, and reactivated it. It was shut down because it was flagged in an anti-spam check. While everything was dealt with promptly, I, and I’m sure all of you, would appreciate it if they reviewed the blogs flagged prior to deactivating them. It may have been routine on their end, but it caused a mini-heart attack on this end.
Frank is a young guy, maybe thirty, tall and thin, vaguely Russian, but not the pale Caucasian Russian; something darker and hardier. He’s expanded the place, put in nice wood flooring, a glass-fronted case with plants in pots on top and containing some random Salon supplies that no one ever looks at, a rack of old magazines, a refurbished Ms. Pac-Man game, and some extra chairs.
ever been able to accomplish.
Jesus and Lafayette fear for their lives
It’s another piece of advice I’m giving out to the world that I should be following myself. I stopped writing a while ago (December? ONLY December? It feels like a lifetime!) and have been trying to get back into it for about a month now.
Now here we are! What my mother taught me is not true. The rejection of my marriage and children by my black in-laws, and the complete destruction of our entire extended family by divorce, has helped me to turn inward to my immediate family in order to protect them. I realized at some point that I was on a mission placed before me and that I had a job to do. We have been led, I believe by God, into a new way of thinking. Since last year, we have turned 180 degrees politically, and have adopted very conservative values. We have lost all of our liberal friends in the process, but have strengthened our family in many ways. We have become religious and very concerned with the future of our country.
Q: How is the real world the enemy of the writer? What can we do about this?
I will not let teaching erase me. I will not be obliterated through deadlike pinkish walls, by playing the subaltern adjunct game. Every day a new chair to sit in, a new temporary office. I threaten to disappear. Will not. I will steal myself away. Sylvia Plath at Smith (you are not Sylvia, you are not at Smith). I write so that I can be I. I write to say fuck-all with reason. To say fuck-all with composition. I will not compose myself. Compose yourselves class. Compose yourselves.
Believe it or not, it's also time for a new Flourishes Timeless Tuesday ~ FTTC132. Cindy is hosting and she has challenged us to create a card with a *SENTIMENT OR VERSE* as a focal point.
Of course I think you should watch this film if you haven’t already. It is clever and witty and includes all the little details that make a movie worth watching and re-watching.
Someone will fail you.
You don’t have to look down
(though off sides, apparently)
As a confirmation of that, the word used by Paul in verses 51 and 52 in 1 Cor. 15 actually means EXCHANGE.
Some plastic or cardboard to cover the surface on which you’re painting
This is your future self. I would like to talk to you about time management…
How I heard you flap and rustle, cloth defiant!)
O is for Opinions. Not specifically anybody's opinion, just opinions in general.
Now go fetch some empty jars…
For those of you, who have steadfastly traveled with me thus far on the road to biblical submission; probably already have a keen sense of what God plans to teach us at this junction.
Change is a norm for me at the moment and although at times I have huge anxiety and it doesn’t bode well for my stress levels I am learning more and more each day challenging myself to do things I couldn’t have ever had dreamed of.
Ignorance masquerading as the intelligentsia is never impressive. Promoting hate for the sake of visitor hits is pathetic.
Comparing with the quality of these articles, the price is really very very low.
When you turn on the tv…. read a newspaper….. listen to the radio…. it seems like we hear story after story of Children disappearing…….. wifes or husbands vanishing…. not a day goes by, I doubt, that something, somewhere has happened to someone that is beyond imagination. They tend to look first at family members, which to me, has to be a horrible thing to have to go through… but… more times than not… it ends up being the one that is supposed to be the protector, the lover, the caregiver… the one that is supposed to be the most trusted person in their life.
